The radical Protestant Christian Gerrard Winstanley and his group the Diggers are cited by various authors as proposing anarchist social measures in the 17th century in England .
There were a variety of anarchist currents during the French Revolution , with some revolutionaries using the term " anarchiste " in a positive light as early as September 1793 .
Anarchists active in the 1848 Revolution in France , included Anselme Bellegarrigue , Ernest Coeurderoy , Joseph Déjacque and Pierre Joseph Proudhon .
First International and the Paris Commune In Europe , harsh reaction followed the revolutions of 1848 , during which ten countries had experienced brief or long-term social upheaval as groups carried out nationalist uprisings .
In 1868 , following their unsuccessful participation in the League of Peace and Freedom ( LPF ) , Russian revolutionary Mikhail Bakunin and his collectivist anarchist associates joined the First International ( which had decided not to get involved with the LPF ) .
A bomb was thrown by an unknown party near the conclusion of the rally , killing an officer .
Various themes were treated during the Congress , in particular concerning the organisation of the anarchist movement , popular education issues , the general strike or antimilitarism .
Malatesta and Monatte were in particular disagreement themselves on this issue , as the latter thought that syndicalism was revolutionary and would create the conditions of a social revolution , while Malatesta did not consider syndicalism by itself sufficient .
Synthesis anarchism emerged as an organizational alternative to platformism that tries to join anarchists of different tendencies under the principles of anarchism without adjectives .
Conflicts with European fascist regimes In the 1920s and 1930s , the rise of fascism in Europe transformed anarchism 's conflict with the state .
Spanish Revolution In Spain , the national anarcho-syndicalist trade union Confederación Nacional del Trabajo initially refused to join a popular front electoral alliance , and abstention by CNT supporters led to a right wing election victory .
In the early 1940s , the Antifascist International Solidarity and the Federation of Anarchist Groups of Cuba merged into the large national organization Asociación Libertaria de Cuba ( Cuban Libertarian Association ) .
The Syndicalist Workers ' Federation was a syndicalist group in active in post-war Britain , and one of the Solidarity Federation 's earliest predecessors .
In Denmark , squatter s occupied a disused military base and declared the Freetown Christiania , an autonomous haven in central Copenhagen .
The individualist wing of anarchism emphasises negative liberty , i.e. opposition to state or social control over the individual , while those in the social wing emphasise positive liberty to achieve one 's potential and argue that humans have needs that society ought to fulfill , " recognizing equality of entitlement " .
Beyond the specific factions of anarchist thought is philosophical anarchism , which embodies the theoretical stance that the state lacks moral legitimacy without accepting the imperative of revolution to eliminate it .
It is important to recognize that Proudhon distinguished between ideal political possibilities and practical governance .
According to the American mutualist William Batchelder Greene , each worker in the mutualist system would receive " just and exact pay for his work ; services equivalent in cost being exchangeable for services equivalent in cost , without profit or discount . "
In 1793 , William Godwin , who has often been cited as the first anarchist , wrote Political Justice , which some consider the first expression of anarchism .
To Stirner , rights were spooks in the mind , and he held that society does not exist but " the individuals are its reality " .
Henry David Thoreau ( 1817 – 1862 ) was an important early influence in individualist anarchist thought in the United States and Europe .
It is the largest school of thought in anarchism .
Social anarchism rejects private property , seeing it as a source of social inequality ( while retaining respect for personal property ) , and emphasises cooperation and mutual aid .
This was to be achieved through violent revolution , first starting with a small cohesive group through acts of violence , or propaganda by the deed , which would inspire the workers as a whole to revolt and forcibly collectivise the means of production .
The theoretical work of Peter Kropotkin took importance later as it expanded and developed pro-organizationalist and insurrectionary anti-organizationalist sections .
Anarcha-feminists , like other radical feminists , criticize and advocate the abolition of traditional conceptions of family , education , and gender role s. Green anarchism ( or eco-anarchism ) is a school of thought within anarchism that emphasizes environmental issues , with an important precedent in anarcho-naturism , and whose main contemporary currents are anarcho-primitivism and social ecology .
Synthesis anarchism is a form of anarchist organization that tries to join anarchists of different tendencies under the principles of anarchism without adjectives .
Influenced by the work of Max Stirner and by the Marxist Situationist International , post-left anarchy is marked by a focus on social insurrection and a rejection of leftist social organisation .
Anarchists may be motivated by humanism , divine authority , enlightened self-interest , veganism or any number of alternative ethical doctrines .
The term deschooling was popularized by Ivan Illich , who argued that the school as an institution is dysfunctional for self-determined learning and serves the creation of a consumer society instead .
Children with high-functioning autism suffer from more intense and frequent loneliness compared to non-autistic peers , despite the common belief that children with autism prefer to be alone .
Autistic children are less likely to make requests or share experiences , and are more likely to simply repeat others ' words ( echolalia ) or reverse pronouns .
Sensory abnormalities are found in over 90 % of those with autism , and are considered core features by some , although there is no good evidence that sensory symptoms differentiate autism from other developmental disorders .
Differences are greater for under-responsivity ( for example , walking into things ) than for over-responsivity ( for example , distress from loud noises ) or for sensation seeking ( for example , rhythmic movements ) .
Unlike with autism , people with Asperger syndrome have no substantial delay in language development .
The manifestations of autism cover a wide spectrum , ranging from individuals with severe impairments — who may be silent , mentally disabled , and locked into hand flapping and rocking — to high functioning individuals who may have active but distinctly odd social approaches , narrowly focused interests , and verbose , pedantic communication .
Although individuals with Asperger syndrome tend to perform better cognitively than those with autism , the extent of the overlap between Asperger syndrome , HFA , and non-syndromal autism is unclear .
All known teratogen s ( agents that cause birth defect s ) related to the risk of autism appear to act during the first eight weeks from conception , and though this does not exclude the possibility that autism can be initiated or affected later , it is strong evidence that autism arises very early in development .
Although evidence for other environmental causes is anecdotal and has not been confirmed by reliable studies , extensive searches are underway .
Mechanism Autism 's symptoms result from maturation-related changes in various systems of the brain .
Autism appears to result from developmental factors that affect many or all functional brain systems , and to disturb the timing of brain development more than the final product .
Aberrant immune activity during critical periods of neurodevelopment is possibly part of the mechanism of some forms of ASD .
Although some abnormalities in the immune system have been found in specific subgroups of autistic individuals , it is not known whether these abnormalities are relevant to or secondary to autism 's disease processes .
Brain systems Mirror neuron system The mirror neuron system ( MNS ) theory of autism hypothesizes that distortion in the development of the MNS interferes with imitation and leads to autism 's core features of social impairment and communication difficulties .
Many individuals with autism may also be diagnosed with or show symptoms of depression , anxiety , and obsessive-compulsive tendencies , among others .
Researchers focusing on the etiology of autism are beginning to recognize that symptoms can not be ascribed to the isolated operations of single brain areas .
A strength of the theory is predicting stereotyped behavior and narrow interests ; two weaknesses are that executive function is hard to measure and that executive function deficits have not been found in young autistic children .
Screening tools designed for one culture 's norms for behaviors like eye contact may be inappropriate for a different culture .
ICD-10 uses essentially the same definition .
Several diagnostic instruments are available .
The Childhood Autism Rating Scale ( CARS ) is used widely in clinical environments to assess severity of autism based on observation of children .
In the UK the National Autism Plan for Children recommends at most 30 weeks from first concern to completed diagnosis and assessment , though few cases are handled that quickly in practice .
A person with ASD may respond atypically to medications , the medications can have adverse effects , and no known medication relieves autism 's core symptoms of social and communication impairments .
The number of reported cases of autism increased dramatically in the 1990s and early 2000s .
This increase is largely attributable to changes in diagnostic practices , referral patterns , availability of services , age at diagnosis , and public awareness , though unidentified environmental risk factors can not be ruled out .
Boys are at higher risk for ASD than girls .
Several other conditions are common in children with autism .
They include : History A few examples of autistic symptoms and treatments were described long before autism was named .
Almost all the characteristics described in Kanner 's first paper on the subject , notably " autistic aloneness " and " insistence on sameness " , are still regarded as typical of the autistic spectrum of disorders .
References External links
Albedo depends on the frequency of the radiation .
In general , the albedo depends on the directional distribution of incoming radiation .
Exceptions are Lambertian surfaces , which scatter radiation in all directions according to a cosine function , so their albedo does not depend on the incident distribution .
Human activities have changed the albedo ( via forest clearance and farming , for example ) of various areas around the globe .
The classic example of albedo effect is the snow-temperature feedback .
These terms are important because they allow the albedo to be calculated for any given illumination conditions from a knowledge of the intrinsic properties of the surface .
This water vapour rises resulting in cloud cover which also has a high albedo , thereby further increasing the net global cooling effect attributable to forests .
Over Antarctica they average a little more than 0.8 .
Clouds Cloud albedo has substantial influence over atmospheric temperatures .
A ( named a , plural aes ) is the first letter and vowel in the ISO basic Latin alphabet .
When the ancient Greeks adopted the alphabet , they had no use for the glottal stop — the first phoneme of the Phoenician pronunciation of the letter , and the sound that the letter denoted in Phoenician and other Semitic languages — so they used an adaptation of the sign to represent the vowel , and gave it the similar name of alpha .
The Etruscans brought the Greek alphabet to their civilization in the Italian Peninsula and left the letter unchanged .
This form was derived through a combining of prior forms .
In some of these , the serif that began the right leg stroke developed into an arc , resulting in the printed form , while in others it was dropped , resulting in the modern handwritten form .
Alabama is also known as the " Heart of Dixie . "
The oldest city is Mobile , founded by French colonists .
Trade with the Northeast via the Ohio River began during the Burial Mound Period ( 1000 BC – AD 700 ) and continued until European contact .
European settlement The French founded the first European settlement in the region at Old Mobile , in 1702 .
The city was moved to the current site of Mobile in 1711 .
Southeastern planters and traders from the Upper South brought slaves with them as the cotton plantations in Alabama expanded .
The economy of the central Black Belt ( named for its dark , productive soil ) was built around large cotton plantations whose owners ' wealth grew largely from slave labor .
The first structure burned down in 1849 , but was rebuilt on the same site in 1851 .
By 1860 the population had increased to a total of 964,201 people , of which 435,080 were enslaved African Americans and 2,690 were free people of color .
From 1867 to 1874 , with most white citizens barred from voting , many African Americans emerged as political leaders in the state .
Following the war , the state was remained chiefly agricultural , with an economy tied to cotton .
While the planter class had persuaded poor whites to support these legislative efforts , the new restrictions resulted in their disfranchisement as well , due mostly to the imposition of a cumulative poll tax .
It also restated that interracial marriage was illegal , although it had already been against the law since 1867 .
The population growth rate in Alabama ( see " Historical Populations " table below ) dropped by nearly half from 1910 to 1920 , reflecting this emigration .
Industrial development related to the demands of World War II brought a level of prosperity not seen since before the Civil War .
1950 – 2000 Despite massive population changes in the state from 1901 to 1961 , the rural-dominated legislature refused to reapportion House and Senate seats based on population .
A 1960 study noted that because of rural domination , " A minority of about 25 per cent of the total state population is in majority control of the Alabama legislature . "
About three-fifths of the land area is a gentle plain with a general descent towards the Mississippi River and the Gulf of Mexico .
The highest point is Mount Cheaha , at a height of .
A - wide meteorite impact crater is located in Elmore County , just north of Montgomery .
This is the Wetumpka crater , the site of " Alabama 's greatest natural disaster . "
The northernmost point of Alabama lies approximately six miles northwest of Waterloo in Lauderdale County in the far northwest corner of the state .
Occasionally , thunderstorms are severe with frequent lightning and large hail ; the central and northern parts of the state are most vulnerable to this type of storm .
Alabama ranks seventh in the number of deaths from lightning and ninth in the number of deaths from lightning strikes per capita .
The northern part of the state — along the Tennessee Valley — is one of the areas in the U.S. most vulnerable to violent tornadoes .
Flora and fauna Alabama is home to a diverse array of flora and fauna , due largely to a variety of habitats that range from the Tennessee Valley , Appalachian Plateau , and Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians of the north to the Piedmont , Canebrake and Black Belt of the central region to the Gulf Coastal Plain and beaches along the Gulf of Mexico in the south .
Indigenous animal species in the state include 62 mammal species , 93 reptile species , 73 amphibian species , roughly 307 native freshwater fish species , and 420 bird species that spend at least part of their year within the state .
Invertebrates include 83 crayfish species and 383 mollusk species .
Those citing " American " ancestry in Alabama are of overwhelmingly English extraction , however most English American s identify simply as having American ancestry because their roots have been in North America for so long , in some cases since the 1600s .
By 2006 , crop and animal production in Alabama was valued at $ 1.5 billion .
In May 2007 , German steelmaker ThyssenKrupp selected Alabama for a $ 3.7 billion steel production plant , with the promise of 2,700 permanent jobs .
Over 100,000 of these are from other countries , including from Canada , the United Kingdom , Germany and Japan .
Birmingham also serves as the headquarters for several large investment management companies , including Harbert Management Corporation .
There has been a significant movement to rewrite and modernize Alabama 's constitution .
Any policy changes proposed around the state must be approved by the entire Alabama legislature and , frequently , by state referendum .
Local elections in most rural counties are generally decided in the Democratic primary and local elections in metropolitan and suburban counties are generally decided in the Republican Primary , although there are exceptions .
The current split is 42 Democrats , 24 Republicans , and one Independent ( Choctaw ) .
Sports Teams Alabama has several professional and semi-professional sports teams , including four minor league baseball teams .
In March 2011 , Alabama ranked among the top five " Worst " states on the American State Litter Scorecard , for overall poor effectiveness and quality of its statewide public space cleanliness — primarily roadway and adjacent litter removals — from state and related efforts .
The state 's other ports are on rivers with access to the Gulf .
The name Achilleus was a common and attested name among the Greeks soon after the 7th century BC .
As with most mythology , there is a tale which offers an alternative version of these events : in Argonautica ( iv .760 ) Zeus ' sister and wife Hera alludes to Thetis ' chaste resistance to the advances of Zeus , that Thetis was so loyal to Hera 's marriage bond that she coolly rejected him .
He cast two spears at once , one grazed Achilles ' elbow , " drawing a spurt of blood " .
Achilles in the Trojan War The first two lines of the Iliad read : Achilles ' consuming rage is at times wavering , but at other times he can not be cooled .
Odysseus reasoned that the spear had inflicted the wound ; therefore , the spear must be able to heal it .
Ancient writers treated Troilus as the epitome of a dead child mourned by his parents .
The Homeric epic only covers a few weeks of the war , and does not narrate Achilles ' death .
Finally , Achilles found his prey .
Wanting to go down fighting , he charged at Achilles with his only weapon , his sword , but missed .
When Memnon , king of Ethiopia slew Antilochus , Achilles once more obtained revenge on the battlefield , killing Memnon .
Priam is willing because it would mean the end of the war and an alliance with the world 's greatest warrior .
The city was visited in 333 BC by Alexander the Great , who envisioned himself as the new Achilles and carried the Iliad with him , but his court biographers do not mention the spear , which he would indeed have touched with excitement .
Achilles and Patroclus The exact nature of Achilles ' relationship with Patroclus has been a subject of dispute in both the classical period and modern times .
This island is not inhabited , and goats graze on it , not many , which the people who happen to arrive here with their ships , sacrifice to Achilles .
The palace , naturally , was named after Achilles : Achilleion ( Αχίλλειον ) .
In some versions of the myth , Achilles has a relationship with his captive Briseis .
Extant fragments of the Achilleis and other Aeschylean fragments have been assembled to produce a workable modern play .
The tragedian Sophocles also wrote The Lovers of Achilles , a play with Achilles as the main character .
As a student of the monist Parmenides and a member of the Eleatic school , Zeno believed time and motion to be illusions .
Lincoln led the United States through its greatest constitutional , military , and moral crises — the American Civil War — preserving the Union , abolishing slavery , strengthening the national government and modernizing the economy .
The departure of the Southerners gave Lincoln 's party firm control of Congress , but no formula for compromise or reconciliation was found .
Lincoln averted British recognition of the Confederacy by skillfully handling the Trent affair in late 1861 .
Lincoln closely supervised the war effort , especially the selection of top generals , including commanding general Ulysses S. Grant .
Lincoln later noted that this move was " partly on account of slavery " but mainly due to land title difficulties .
Lincoln became increasingly distant from his father , in part because of his father 's lack of education .
Mary did return in November 1836 , and Lincoln courted her for a time ; however , they both had second thoughts about their relationship .
They met in Springfield , Illinois , in December 1839 and were engaged the following December .
A wedding set for January 1 , 1841 , was canceled when the two broke off their engagement at Lincoln 's initiative .
In 1844 , the couple bought a house in Springfield near Lincoln 's law office .
That March he began his political career with his first campaign for the Illinois General Assembly .
He had attained local popularity and could draw crowds as a natural raconteur in New Salem , though he lacked an education , powerful friends , and money , which may be why he lost .
Before the election , Lincoln served as a captain in the Illinois Militia during the Black Hawk War .
Lincoln became an able and successful lawyer with a reputation as a formidable adversary during cross-examinations and closing arguments .
In the 1835 – 36 legislative session , he voted to expand suffrage to white males , whether landowners or not .
The war had begun with a Mexican slaughter of American soldiers in territory disputed by Mexico and the U.S. ; Polk insisted that Mexican soldiers had " invaded our territory and shed the blood of our fellow-citizens on our own soil " .
Lincoln later regretted some of his statements , especially his attack on the presidential war-making powers .
This distant territory was a Democratic stronghold , and acceptance of the post would have effectively ended his legal and political career in Illinois , so he declined and resumed his law practice .
As a riverboat man , Lincoln initially favored those interests , but ultimately represented whoever hired him .
His reputation grew , and he appeared before the Supreme Court of the United States , arguing a case involving a canal boat that sank after hitting a bridge .
Lincoln appeared before the Illinois Supreme Court in 175 cases , in 51 as sole counsel , of which 31 were decided in his favor .
Lincoln 's most notable criminal trial occurred in 1858 when he defended William " Duff " Armstrong , who was on trial for the murder of James Preston Metzker .
Senior Senator Stephen A. Douglas of Illinois had incorporated popular sovereignty into the Act .
Speaking in his Kentucky accent , with a very powerful voice , he said the Kansas Act had a " declared indifference , but as I must think , a covert real zeal for the spread of slavery .
I hate it because of the monstrous injustice of slavery itself .
It will become all one thing , or all the other . "
Though the Republican legislative candidates won more popular votes , the Democrats won more seats , and the legislature re-elected Douglas to the Senate .
Most Republicans agreed with Lincoln that the North was the aggrieved party , as the Slave Power tightened its grasp on the national government with the Dred Scott decision and the presidency of James Buchanan .
The party did the leg work that produced majorities across the North , and produced an abundance of campaign posters , leaflets , and newspaper editorials .
Turnout was 82.2 percent , with Lincoln winning the free Northern states , as well as California and Oregon .
As Lincoln 's election became evident , secessionists made clear their intent to leave the Union before he took office the next March .
The president-elect then evaded possible assassins in Baltimore , who were uncovered by Lincoln 's head of security , Allan Pinkerton .
The failure of the Peace Conference of 1861 signaled that legislative compromise was implausible .
North Carolina , Tennessee , and Arkansas also voted for secession over the next two months .
Troops headed south towards Washington to protect the capital in response to Lincoln 's call .
On April 19 , secessionist mobs in Baltimore that controlled the rail links attacked Union troops traveling to the capital .
In practice the law had little effect , but it did signal political support for abolishing slavery in the Confederacy In late August 1861 , General John C. Frémont , the 1856 Republican presidential nominee , issued , without consulting Washington , a proclamation of martial law in Missouri .
In January 1862 , after many complaints of inefficiency and profiteering in the War Department , Lincoln replaced Simon Cameron with Edwin Stanton as War Secretary .
General McClellan After the Union defeat at the First Battle of Bull Run and the retirement of the aged Winfield Scott in late 1861 , Lincoln appointed Major General George B. McClellan general-in-chief of all the Union armies .
McClellan , a young West Point graduate , railroad executive , and Pennsylvania Democrat , took several months to plan and attempt his Peninsula Campaign , longer than Lincoln wanted .
The campaign 's objective was to capture Richmond by moving the Army of the Potomac by boat to the peninsula and then overland to the Confederate capital .
Lincoln closely reviewed the dispatches and interrogated naval officers during their clash in the Battle of Hampton Roads .
While Republicans were discouraged , Democrats were energized and did especially well in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana , and New York .
The Cincinnati Gazette contended that the voters were " depressed by the interminable nature of this war , as so far conducted , and by the rapid exhaustion of the national resources without progress " .
Lincoln spent the next 100 days preparing the army and the nation for emancipation , while Democrats rallied their voters in the 1862 off-year elections by warning of the threat freed slaves posed to northern whites .
Using former slaves in the military was official government policy after the issuance of the Emancipation Proclamation .
In 272 words , and three minutes , Lincoln asserted the nation was born not in 1789 , but in 1776 , " conceived in Liberty , and dedicated to the proposition that all men are created equal . "
With Grant in command , Lincoln felt the Union Army could relentlessly pursue a series of coordinated offensives in multiple theaters , and have a top commander who agreed on the use of black troops .
This is often characterized as a war of attrition , given high Union losses at battles such as the Battle of the Wilderness and Cold Harbor .
Lincoln 's Democratic opponents seized on these appointments to accuse him of using the military to ensure his and the Republicans ' political aspirations .
Lincoln declared that such an amendment would " clinch the whole matter " .
This first attempt at an amendment failed to pass , falling short of the required two-thirds majority on June 15 , 1864 , in the House of Representatives .
Upon ratification , it became the Thirteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution on December 6 , 1865 .
As the war drew to a close , Lincoln 's presidential Reconstruction for the South was in flux ; having believed the federal government had limited responsibility to the millions of freedmen .
Nevertheless , in 1861 , Lincoln justified the war in terms of legalisms ( the Constitution was a contract , and for one party to get out of a contract all the other parties had to agree ) , and then in terms of the national duty to guarantee a republican form of government in every state .
He denounced secession as anarchy , and explained that majority rule had to be balanced by constitutional restraints in the American system .
He said " A majority held in restraint by constitutional checks and limitations , and always changing easily with deliberate changes of popular opinions and sentiments , is the only true sovereign of a free people . "
The Morrill Land-Grant Colleges Act , also signed in 1862 , provided government grants for agricultural colleges in each state .
The Pacific Railway Acts of 1862 and 1864 granted federal support for the construction of the United States ' First Transcontinental Railroad , which was completed in 1869 .
In 1862 , Lincoln sent a senior general , John Pope , to put down the " Sioux Uprising " in Minnesota .
Finally , Lincoln 's Treasury Secretary , Salmon P. Chase , was nominated as Chief Justice , and appointed the same day , on December 6 , 1864 .
The late President lay in state in the East Room , and then in the Capitol Rotunda from April 19 through April 21 .
When he suffered the death of his son Edward , Lincoln more frequently acknowledged his own need to depend on God .
Of all the presidential ranking polls conducted since 1948 , Lincoln has been rated at the very top in the majority of polls : Schlesinger 1948 , Schlesinger 1962 , 1982 Murray Blessing Survey , Chicago Tribune 1982 poll , Schlesinger 1996 , CSPAN 1996 , Ridings-McIver 1996 , Time 2008 , and CSPAN 2009 .
The high point came in 1922 with the dedication of the Lincoln Memorial on the Mall in Washington .
William C. Harris found that Lincoln 's " reverence for the Founding Fathers , the Constitution , the laws under it , and the preservation of the Republic and its institutions undergirded and strengthened his conservatism . " .
Randall concludes that , " he was conservative in his complete avoidance of that type of so-called ' radicalism ' which involved abuse of the South , hatred for the slaveholder , thirst for vengeance , partisan plotting , and ungenerous demands that Southern institutions be transformed overnight by outsiders . "
Bennett won wide attention when he called Lincoln a white supremacist in 1968 .
Defenders , such as authors Dirck and Cashin , retorted that he was not as bad as most politicians ; and that he was a " moral visionary " who deftly advanced the abolitionist cause , as fast as politically possible .
Americans asked , " What would Lincoln do ? "
The traditional story about his departure reports that he was disappointed with the direction the academy took after control passed to Plato 's nephew Speusippus upon his death , although it is possible that he feared anti-Macedonian sentiments and left before Plato had died .
In one famous example , he counsels Alexander to be " a leader to the Greeks and a despot to the barbarians , to look after the former as after friends and relatives , and to deal with the latter as with beasts or plants " .
While in Athens , his wife Pythias died and Aristotle became involved with Herpyllis of Stagira , who bore him a son whom he named after his father , Nicomachus .
The term " logic " he reserved to mean dialectics .
Aristotle 's scientific method Like his teacher Plato , Aristotle 's philosophy aims at the universal .
In Aristotle 's terminology , " natural philosophy " is a branch of philosophy examining the phenomena of the natural world , and includes fields that would be regarded today as physics , biology and other natural sciences .
In modern times , the scope of philosophy has become limited to more generic or abstract inquiries , such as ethics and metaphysics , in which logic plays a major role .
For Aristotle , " all science ( dianoia ) is either practical , poetical or theoretical " ( Metaphysics 1025b25 ) .
He posited a geocentric cosmology that we may discern in selections of the Metaphysics , which was widely accepted up until the 16th century .
Geology As quoted from Principles of Geology : He [ Aristotle ] refers to many examples of changes now constantly going on , and insists emphatically on the great results which they must produce in the lapse of ages .
So , for example , in water , earthy bodies sink while air bubbles rise up ; in air , rain falls and flame rises .
OpticsAristotle held more accurate theories on some optical concepts than other philosophers of his day .
Aristotle used the device to make observations of the sun and noted that no matter what shape the hole was , the sun would still be correctly displayed as a round object .
In modern cameras , this is analogous to the diaphragm .
It is " from what is spontaneous " ( but note that what is spontaneous does not come from chance ) .
In addition , Aristotle disagreed with Plato about the location of universals .
He placed emphasis on the type ( s ) of soul an organism possessed , asserting that plants possess a vegetative soul , responsible for reproduction and growth , animals a vegetative and a sensitive soul , responsible for mobility and sensation , and humans a vegetative , a sensitive , and a rational soul , capable of thought and reflection .
Influence on Hellenistic medicine After Theophrastus , the Lyceum failed to produce any original work .
Politics In addition to his works on ethics , which address the individual , Aristotle addressed the city in his work titled Politics .
Aristotle considered the city to be a natural community .
Aristotle believed that imitation is natural to mankind and constitutes one of mankind 's advantages over animals .
Tragedy is the imitation of action arousing pity and fear , and is meant to effect the catharsis of those same emotions .
Still others acquired Aristotle 's name through similarities in doctrine or content , such as the De Plantis , possibly by Nicolaus of Damascus .
However , some modern scholars have warned that we can not know for certain that Cicero 's praise was reserved specifically for the exoteric works ; a few modern scholars have actually admired the concise writing style found in Aristotle 's extant works .
One major question in the history of Aristotle 's works , then , is how were the exoteric writings all lost , and how did the ones we now possess come to us ?
Carnes Lord attributes the popular belief in this story to the fact that it provides " the most plausible explanation for the rapid eclipse of the Peripatetic school after the middle of the third century , and for the absence of widespread knowledge of the specialized treatises of Aristotle throughout the Hellenistic period , as well as for the sudden reappearance of a flourishing Aristotelianism during the first century B.C. " Lord voices a number of reservations concerning this story , however .
First , the condition of the texts is far too good for them to have suffered considerable damage followed by Apellicon 's inexpert attempt at repair .
He contributed to almost every field of human knowledge then in existence , and he was the founder of many new fields .
Influence on Islamic theologians Aristotle was one of the most revered Western thinkers in early Islamic theology .
Medieval Muslim scholars regularly described Aristotle as the " First Teacher " .
Influence on Western Christian theologians With the loss of the study of ancient Greek in the early medieval Latin West , Aristotle was practically unknown there from c. AD 600 to c. 1100 except through the Latin translation of the Organon made by Boethius .
He described the piece as a " rhapsodic ballet " because it was written freely and is more modern than his previous works .
Response Gershwin did not particularly like Walter Damrosch 's interpretation at the world premiere of An American in Paris .
Some did not think it belonged in a program with classical composers César Franck , Richard Wagner , or Guillaume Lekeu on its premiere .
Recordings An American in Paris has been frequently recorded .
The radio broadcast of the September 8 , 1937 Hollywood Bowl George Gershwin Memorial Concert , in which An American in Paris , also conducted by Shilkret , was second on the program , was recorded and was released in 1998 in a two-CD set .
In 1945 , Arturo Toscanini and the NBC Symphony Orchestra recorded the music in Carnegie Hall , one of the few commercial recordings Toscanini made of music by an American composer .

History The first awards were presented on May 16 , 1929 , at a private brunch at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel with an audience of about 270 people .
The post Academy Awards party was held at the Mayfair Hotel .
For the first six ceremonies , the eligibility period spanned two calendar years .
, a total of 2,809 Oscars have been given for 1,853 awards .
Ownership of Oscar statuettes Since 1950 , the statuettes have been legally encumbered by the requirement that neither winners nor their heirs may sell the statuettes without first offering to sell them back to the Academy for US$ 1 .
Academy Awards not protected by this agreement have been sold in public auctions and private deals for six-figure sums .
While the Oscar is owned by the recipient , it is essentially not on the open market .
The winners are then determined by a second round of voting in which all members are then allowed to vote in most categories , including Best Picture .
After more than 60 years of being held in late March or early April , the ceremonies were moved up to late February or early March starting in 2004 to help disrupt and shorten the intense lobbying and ad campaigns associated with Oscar season in the film industry .
Awards ceremonies The following is a listing of all Academy Awards ceremonies .
As of May 2012 , the theatre was once again renamed – to the Dolby Theatre – after Dolby Laboratories acquired the naming rights .
At times , the Best Original Score award has also been split into separate categories ( Drama and Comedy/Musical ) .
From the 1930s through the 1960s , the Art Direction ( now Production Design ) , Cinematography , and Costume Design awards were likewise split into two separate categories ( black-and-white films and color films ) .
However , due to continuous insufficient eligibility each year , it has not been awarded since 1984 ( when Purple Rain won ) .
This has generated accusations of the Academy Awards being influenced more by marketing than quality .
In addition , some winners critical of the Academy Awards have boycotted the ceremonies and refused to accept their Oscars .
Synopsis In order to prepare the role of an important old actress , a theatre student interviews three actresses who were her pupils : an international diva ( Glòria Marc , played by Núria Espert ) , a television star ( Assumpta Roca , played by Rosa Maria Sardà ) and a dubbing director ( Maria Caminal , played by Anna Lizaran ) .
Animalia ( ISBN 0810918684 ) is an illustrated children 's book by Graeme Base .
In 1987 , Animalia won the title of Honour Book in the Children 's Book Council of Australia Children 's Book of the Year Award : Picture Book .

It is the basis for Coordinated Universal Time ( UTC ) , which is used for civil timekeeping all over the Earth 's surface , and for Terrestrial Time , which is used for astronomical calculations .
The 35 seconds results from the initial difference of 10 seconds at the start of 1972 , plus 25 leap second s in UTC since 1972 .
TAI in this form was synchronised with Universal Time at the beginning of 1958 , and the two have drifted apart ever since , due to the changing motion of the Earth .
The clocks at different institutions are regularly compared against each other .
The International Bureau of Weights and Measures ( BIPM , France ) , combines these measurements to retrospectively calculate the weighted average that forms the most stable time scale possible .
Atomic timekeeping services started experimentally in 1955 , using the first caesium atomic clock at the National Physical Laboratory , UK ( NPL ) .
The " Greenwich Atomic " ( GA ) scale began in 1955 at the Royal Greenwich Observatory .
Both the BIH scale and A. 1 was defined by an epoch at the beginning of 1958 : it was set to read Julian Date 2436204.5 ( 1 January 1958 00:00:00 ) at the corresponding UT2 instant .
This was a compromise arrangement for a broadcast time scale : a linear transformation of the BIH 's atomic time meant that the time scale was stable and internationally synchronised , while approximating UT1 means that tasks such as navigation which require a source of Universal Time continue to be well served by public time broadcasts .
Altruism or selflessness is the opposite of selfishness .
The term was originally coined in the 19th century by the founding sociologist and philosopher of science , Auguste Comte , and has become a major topic for psychologists ( especially evolutionary psychology researchers ) , evolutionary biologists , and ethologists .
Whilst ideas about altruism from one field can have an impact on the other fields , the different methods and focuses of these fields always lead to different perspectives on altruism .
This is the ancient morality of the gift , which has become a principle of justice .
Theories of apparently altruistic behavior were accelerated by the need to produce theories compatible with evolutionary origins .
Two related strands of research on altruism have emerged from traditional evolutionary analyses and from game theory .
Some definitions specify a self-sacrificial nature to altruism and a lack of external rewards for altruistic behaviors .
Helping behavior is seen in humans at about two years old , when a toddler is capable of understanding subtle emotional cues .
In a study of older adults , those who volunteered were significantly higher on life satisfaction and will to live , and significantly lower in depression , anxiety , and somatization .
Studies have found that generosity increases linearly from sad to happy affective states .
In practical terms , however , since most of us are spontaneously self-centered , Buddhism encourages us to focus love and compassion on others , and thus can be characterized as " altruistic . "
Many would agree with the Dalai Lama that Buddhism as a religion is kindness toward others .
In the context of larger ethical discussions on moral action and judgment , Buddhism is characterized by the belief that negative ( unhappy ) consequences of our actions derive not from punishment or correction based on moral judgment , but from the law of karma , which functions like a natural law of cause and effect .
Any action is understood to create " seeds " in the mind that sprout into the appropriate results ( Pāli vipaka ) when they meet the right conditions .
Buddhism relates karma directly to motives behind an action .
In Buddhism , karma is not the only cause of all that happens .
Jainism views every soul as worthy of respect because it has the potential to become Siddha ( Param-atma – " highest soul " ) .
His interpretation of the Pauline phrase is that we should seek the common good more than the private good , but this is because the common good is a more desirable good for the individual .
Ashlag focused on society and its relation to divinity .
The Ninth Nanak , Guru Tegh Bahadur Sacrificed his head to protect weak and defenseless people against atrocity .
In the late 17th century , Guru Gobind Singh Ji ( the tenth guru in Sikhism ) , was in war with the Moghul rulers to protect the people of different faiths , when a fellow Sikh , Bhai Kanhaiya , attended the troops of the enemy .
He gave water to both friends and foes who were wounded on the battlefield .
This volunteer corps still to date is engaged in doing good to others and trains new volunteering recruits for doing the same .

In 1957 , she published her best-known work , the novel Atlas Shrugged .
Set in Soviet Russia , it focused on the struggle between the individual and the state .
After the success of her later novels , Rand was able to release a revised version in 1959 that has since sold over three million copies .
It was published in England in 1938 , but Rand initially could not find an American publisher .
Once Mises referred to Rand as " the most courageous man in America " , a compliment that particularly pleased her because he said " man " instead of " woman " .
With this fictional strike , Rand intended to illustrate that without the efforts of the rational and productive , the economy would collapse and society would fall apart .
After completing the novel , Rand fell into a severe depression .
Rand later published some of these articles in book form .
When she learned of it in 1968 , though her romantic relationship with Branden had already ended , Rand terminated her relationship with both Brandens , which led to the closure of NBI .
Rand 's funeral was attended by some of her prominent followers , including Alan Greenspan .
She worked with conservatives on political projects , but disagreed with them over issues such as religion and ethics .
Rand 's first bestseller , The Fountainhead , received far fewer reviews than We the Living , and reviewers ' opinions were mixed .
Rand 's Atlas Shrugged was the second most popular choice , after the Bible .
Rand provided a positive view of business , and in response business executives and entrepreneurs have admired and promoted her work .
A 1997 documentary film , Ayn Rand : A Sense of Life , was nominated for the Academy Award for Documentary Feature .
They published numerous criticisms in the 1950s and 1960s by Whittaker Chambers , Garry Wills , and M. Stanton Evans .
Thus , Atlas Shrugged outsells not only the works of other philosophers of classical liberalism as Ludwig von Mises , Friedrich Hayek , or Frederic Bastiat , but also Rand 's own non-fiction works .
According to Murray , " By insisting that Objectivism had sprung full blown from her own mind , with just a little help from Aristotle , Rand was being childish , as well as out of touch with reality . "
[[344]]
However , he had a strong interest in the fledgling motion picture industry and when Essanay Studios offered him the opportunity to become a scriptwriter , he took the job .
While still in New York , in 1917 he was the founding president of the East Coast chapter of the Motion Picture Directors Association .
On August 12 , 2011 , a plaque was unveiled on the Wolff building at Third Ave and La Mesa Bl commemorating Dwan and the Flying A Studios origins in La Mesa , California .
He died in Los Angeles at the age of ninety-six , and is interred in the San Fernando Mission Cemetery , Mission Hills , California .
Algeria is a member of the African Union , the Arab League , OPEC and the United Nations , and is a founding member of the Arab Maghreb Union .
Others trace it to Ldzayer , the Maghrebi Arabic and Berber for " Algeria " possibly related to the Zirid Dynasty King Ziri ibn-Manad and founder of the city of Algiers .
Tools of this era , starting about 30,000 BC , are called Aterian ( after the archeological site of Bir el Ater , south of Tebessa ) .
The two main branches were the Botr and Barnès tribes , who were divided into tribes , and again into sub-tribes .
The presidios in North Africa turned out to be a costly and largely ineffective military endeavor that did not guarantee access for Spain 's merchant fleet .
Ottoman Algeria In 1516 the Muslim privateer brothers Aruj and Hayreddin Barbarossa , who operated successfully under the Hafsids , moved their base of operations to Algiers .
Plague had repeatedly struck the cities of North Africa .
The dey was in effect a constitutional autocrat .
Autonomous tribal states were tolerated , and the regency 's authority was seldom applied in the Kabylie .
In 1544 , Hayreddin captured the island of Ischia , taking 4,000 prisoners , and enslaved some 9,000 inhabitants of Lipari , almost the entire population .
In 1551 , Turgut Reis enslaved the entire population of the Maltese island of Gozo , between 5,000 and 6,000 , sending the captives to Libya .
During this period , a small but influential French-speaking indigenous elite was formed , made up of Berbers mostly from Kabyles .
Independence Algeria 's first president was the FLN leader Ahmed Ben Bella .
The Groupe Salafiste pour la Prédication et le Combat ( GSPC ) , a splinter group of the Group Islamic Armée , continued a terrorist campaign against the Government .
The programme comprised economic , institutional , political and social reform to modernise the country , raise living standards , and tackle the causes of alienation .
It also included a second amnesty initiative , the Charter for Peace and National Reconciliation , which was approved in a referendum in September 2005 .
Many of the creatures comprising the Algerian wildlife live in close proximity to civilization .
In the north , some of the native flora includes Macchia scrub , olive trees , oak s , cedar s and other conifers .
The grape vine is indigenous to the coast .
Military The military of Algeria consists of the People 's National Army ( ANP ) , the Algerian National Navy ( MRA ) , and the Algerian Air Force ( QJJ ) , plus the Territorial Air Defense Force .
The administrative divisions have changed several times since independence .
Algeria has struggled to develop industries outside of hydrocarbons in part because of high costs and an inert state bureaucracy .
The 2010 – 14 public-investment programme will cost US$ 286 billion , 40 % of which will go to human development .
Hydrocarbons Algeria , whose economy is reliant on petroleum , has been an OPEC member since 1969 .
About 90 % of Algerians live in the northern , coastal area ; the inhabitants of the Sahara desert are mainly concentrated in oases , although some 1.5 million remain nomad ic or partly nomadic .
Increasingly , women are contributing more to household income than men .
The largest of these are the Kabyles , who live in the Kabylie region east of Algiers , the Chaoui of North-East Algeria , the Tuaregs in the southern desert and the Shenwa people of North Algeria .
It can be regarded as being the de facto co-official language of Algeria .
The Latin author Apuleius was born in Madaurus ( Mdaourouch ) , in what later became Algeria .
Art Algerian painters , like Mohamed Racim or Baya , attempted to revive the prestigious Algerian past prior to French colonization , at the same time that they have contributed to the preservation of the authentic values of Algeria .
In 1957 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature .
According to the World Bank , Algeria is making progress toward its goal of " reducing by half the number of people without sustainable access to improved drinking water and basic sanitation by 2015 " .
Best universities of qualifications remain the University of Tlemcen and Batna Hadj Bereket , they occupy the 26th and 45th row in Africa , which is a very bad standing .
Major characters The following are major characters from the novel .
His actions were designed both to " trap " looters into relying upon his worthless ventures in order to disrupt their schemes and to try to show the inevitable consequences of looting .
Later in the novel , the reader discovers this worker 's true identity .
Willers is generally assumed to represent the common man : someone who does not possess the Promethean creative ability of The Strikers , but matches them in moral courage and is capable of appreciating and making use of their creations .
After Dagny shifts her attention and loyalty to saving the captive Galt , he does everything he can to keep the railroad running as the country falls apart .
Danneskjöld is married to the actress Kay Ludlow ; their relationship is kept hidden from the outside world , which only knows of Ludlow as a film star who retired and dropped out of sight .
In a sense , he is the antithesis of Dagny .
Lillian is a frigid moocher who seeks to destroy her husband .
Lillian tolerates sex with her husband only because she is " realistic " enough to know he is just a brute who requires satisfaction of his brute instincts .
She indicates that she abhors Francisco d'Anconia , because she believes he is a sexual adventurer .
This does give her the satisfaction she desires and she continues to manipulate Hank until he finally leaves her and joins Galt 's strikers .
When John Galt is captured by the looters , Ferris uses the device on Galt , but it breaks down before extracting the information Ferris wants from Galt .
To his former student Galt , Stadler represents the epitome of human evil , as the " man who knew better " but chose not to act for the good .
Sociocultural anthropology Cultural anthropology is also called socio-cultural anthropology or social anthropology ( especially in the United Kingdom ) .
Ethnology involves the systematic comparison of different cultures .
Archaeological anthropology Archaeology is the study of the human past through its material remains .
Artifacts , faunal remains , and human altered landscapes are evidence of the cultural and material lives of past societies .
The school of thought derived from Marx and known as Political Economy focuses on production , in contrast .
The third area was on colonialism , imperialism , and the creation of the capitalist world-system .
Anthropology of development The anthropology of development tends to view development from a critical perspective .
Anthropology engages often with feminists from non-Western traditions , whose perspectives and experiences can differ from those of white European and American feminists .
As with transpersonal psychology , the field is much concerned with altered states of consciousness ( ASC ) and transpersonal experience .
Public anthropology Public Anthropology was created by Robert Borofsky , a professor at Hawaii Pacific University , to " demonstrate the ability of anthropology and anthropologists to effectively address problems beyond the discipline - illuminating larger social issues of our times as well as encouraging broad , public conversations about them with the explicit goal of fostering social change " ( Borofsky 2004 ) .
Ulf Hannerz quotes a 1960s remark that traditional anthropologists were " a notoriously agoraphobic lot , anti-urban by definition " .
A major focus of anthrozoologic research is the quantifying of the positive effects of human-animal relationships on either party and the study of their interactions .
Palaeoanthropology Paleoanthropology combines the disciplines of paleontology and physical anthropology , is the study of ancient humans as found in fossil hominid evidence such as petrifacted bones and footprints .
Anthropological Organizations Contemporary anthropology is an established science with academic departments at most universities and colleges .
List of major organizations Controversial ethical stances Anthropologists , like other researchers ( especially historians and scientists engaged in field research ) , have over time assisted state policies and projects , especially colonialism .
There should be no notions , in good anthropology , of one culture being better or worse than another culture .
In 2009 , the American Anthropological Association 's Commission on the Engagement of Anthropology with the US Security and Intelligence Communities released its final report concluding , in part , that , " When ethnographic investigation is determined by military missions , not subject to external review , where data collection occurs in the context of war , integrated into the goals of counterinsurgency , and in a potentially coercive environment – all characteristic factors of the HTS concept and its application – it can no longer be considered a legitimate professional exercise of anthropology .
See also References Further reading Dictionaries and encyclopedias Fieldnotes and memoirs of anthropologists Histories Textbooks and key theoretical works External links
Agriculture and agricultural science The two terms are often confused .
New technologies , such as biotechnology and computer science ( for data processing and storage ) , and technological advances have made it possible to develop new research fields , including genetic engineering , agrophysics , improved statistical analysis , and precision farming .
Balancing these , as above , are the natural and human sciences of agricultural science that seek to understand the human-nature interactions of traditional agriculture , including interaction of religion and agriculture , and the non-material components of agricultural production systems .
Fields or related disciplines See also Further reading References External links
Alchemy is an influential philosophical tradition whose early practitioners ' claims to profound powers were known from antiquity .
Alchemist s have historically rewritten and evolved the explanation of their art , making a singular definition difficult .
The prototype for this model can be found in Bolos of Mendes ' third century BCE work , Physika kai Mystika ( " On Physical and Mystical Matters " ) .
It is a popular belief that alchemists made contributions to the " chemical " industries of the day — ore testing and refining , metalworking , production of gunpowder , ink , dyes , paints , cosmetics , leather tanning , ceramics , glass manufacture , preparation of extracts , liquors , and so on ( it seems that the preparation of aqua vitae , the " water of life " , was a fairly popular " experiment " among European alchemists ) .
In his book , The Skeptical Chymist , Boyle attacked Paracelsus and the natural philosophy of Aristotle , which was taught at universities .
Early alchemists , such as Zosimos of Panopolis ( c. AD 300 ) , highlight the spiritual nature of the alchemical quest , symbolic of a religious regeneration of the human soul .
Practitioners and patrons such as Melchior Cibinensis and Pope Innocent VIII existed within the ranks of the church , while Martin Luther applauded alchemy for its consistency with Christian teachings .
This term itself is derived from the Ancient Greek chemeia ( χημεία ) or chemia ( χημία ) with the addition of the Arabic definite article al - ( ) .
Alchemical writers used Classical figures from Greek , Roman , and Egyptian mythology to illuminate their works and allegorize alchemical transmutation .
Alchemy coexisted alongside emerging Christianity .
The atomic theory of corpuscularianism , where all physical bodies possess an inner and outer layer of minute particles or corpuscles , also has its origins in the work of Jabir .
In particular , they wrote refutations against the idea of the transmutation of metals .
Translations of the time included the Turba Philosophorum , and the works of Avicenna and al-Razi .
Soon after Bacon , the influential work of Pseudo-Geber ( sometimes identified as Paul of Taranto ) appeared .
His Summa Perfectionis remained a staple summary of alchemical practice and theory through the medieval and renaissance periods .
Finally , the alchemists practiced their art : they actively experimented with chemicals and made observation s and theories about how the universe operated .
Alchemical discourse shifted from scholarly philosophical debate to an exposed social commentary on the alchemists themselves .
In the late fifteenth century , Marsilo Ficino translated the Corpus Hermeticum and the works of Plato into Latin .
Paracelsus pioneered the use of chemicals and minerals in medicine , and wrote " Many have said of Alchemy , that it is for the making of gold and silver .
For me such is not the aim , but to consider only what virtue and power may lie in medicines . "
Paracelsian practical alchemy , especially herbal medicine and plant remedies has since been named spagyrics ( a synonym for alchemy from the Greek words meaning to separate and to join together , based on the Latin alchemic maxim : solve et coagula ) .
Mercury , which was so vital to alchemy everywhere , is first mentioned in the 4th - to 3rd-century-BC Artha-śāstra , about the same time it is encountered in China and in the West .
Its principles restored the health of those who were ill beyond hope and gave back youth to fading old age . "
His book , Rasendramangalam , is an example of Indian alchemy and medicine .
An important modern bibliography on Indian alchemical studies has also been provided by David Gordon White at Oxford Bibliographies Online .
Journals which publish regularly on the topic of Alchemy include ' Ambix ' , published by the Society for the History of alchemy and Chemistry , and ' Isis ' , published by The History of Science Society .
Music was also present in the works of alchemists and continues to influence popular performers .



Most references to " amoebas " or " amoebae " are to amoeboids in general rather than to the specific genus Amoeba .
The genus Amoeba and amoeboids in general both derive their names from the ancient Greek word for change .
Food sources vary in amoeboids .
They extend a pair of pseudopodia around food .
The former is basically a giant multinucleate amoeba , while the latter lives solitary until food runs out ; in which a colony of these functions as a unit .
Myxomycete slime molds use amoeboid gametes , as well .
Classification As amoebas themselves are polyphyletic and subject to some imprecision in definition , the term " amoeboid " does not provide identification of an organism , and is better understood as description of locomotion .
ASCII developed from telegraphic codes .
The name " Carriage Return " comes from the fact that on a manual typewriter the carriage holding the paper moved while the position where the keys struck the ribbon remained stationary .
Atari and Galaksija computers also used ASCII variants .
Escape codes were defined to indicate which national variant applied to a piece of text , but they were rarely used , so it was often impossible to know what variant to work with and therefore which character a code represented , and in general text-processing systems could cope with only one variant anyway .
In most cases these developed as true extensions of ASCII , leaving the original character-mapping intact , but adding additional character definitions after the first 128 ( i.e. , 7-bit ) characters .
The ISO/IEC 8859 standard ( derived from the DEC-MCS ) finally provided a standard that most systems copied ( at least as accurately as they copied ASCII , but with many substitutions ) .
While ASCII is limited to 128 characters , Unicode and the UCS support more characters by separating the concepts of unique identification ( using natural number s called code points ) and encoding ( to 8 - , 16 - or 32-bit binary formats , called UTF-8 , UTF-16 and UTF-32 ) .
Therefore , ASCII can be considered a 7-bit encoding scheme for a very small subset of Unicode/UCS , and ASCII ( when prefixed with 0 as the eighth bit ) is valid UTF-8 .

[[590]]
Animation is the rapid display of a sequence of images to create an illusion of movement .
Each frame was drawn on paper , which invariably required backgrounds and characters to be redrawn and animated .
Other animation techniques Other styles , techniques and approaches Awards As with any other form of media , animation too has instituted awards for excellence in the field .
The original awards for animation were presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences for animated shorts from the year 1932 , during the 5th Academy Awards function .
The list of both awards can be obtained here : Several other countries have instituted an award for best animated feature film as part of their national film awards : BAFTA Award for Best Animated Film ( since 2006 ) , César Award for Best Animated Film ( since 2011 ) , Goya Award for Best Animated Film ( since 1989 ) , Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the Year ( since 2007 ) .
The list of awardees is as follows : See also References Further reading External links

Apollo is known in Greek-influenced Etruscan mythology as Apulu .
Several instances of popular etymology are attested from ancient authors .
In archaic Greece he was the prophet , the oracular god who in older times was connected with " healing " .
The " elf-shot " originally indicated disease or death attributed to the elves , but it was later attested denoting arrow - heads which were used by witches to harm people , and also for healing rituals .
He is pictured as a terrible god , less trusted by the Greeks than other gods .
The Late Bronze Age ( from 1700 to 1200 BCE ) Hittite and Hurrian Aplu was a god of plague , invoked during plague years .
His oracular shrines include : Oracles were also given by sons of Apollo .
Mythology Birth When Zeus ' wife Hera discovered that Leto was pregnant and that Zeus was the father , she banned Leto from giving birth on " terra firma " .
This was the spring which emitted vapors that caused the oracle at Delphi to give her prophecies .
To protect his mother , Apollo begged Hephaestus for a bow and arrows .
Apollo and Artemis used poisoned arrows to kill them , though according to some versions of the myth , a number of the Niobids were spared ( Chloris , usually ) .
A devastated Niobe fled to Mount Sipylos in Asia Minor and turned into stone as she wept .
Her tears formed the river Achelous .
The myth explains the connection of Apollo with δάφνη ( daphnē ) , the laurel whose leaves his priestess employed at Delphi .
Hecuba , was the wife of King Priam of Troy , and Apollo had a son with her named Troilus .
As a result he also made the crow sacred and gave them the task of announcing important deaths .
According to the Biblioteca , the " library " of mythology mis-attributed to Apollodorus , he fathered the Corybantes on the Muse Thalia .
Apollo , a god of music , fell in love with the instrument and offered to allow exchange of the cattle for the lyre .
Apollo promises to protect Orestes , as Orestes has become Apollo 's supplicant .
Tmolus , the mountain-god , was chosen to umpire .
He had found an aulos on the ground , tossed away after being invented by Athena because it made her cheeks puffy .
During the Second Punic War in 212 BCE , the Ludi Apollinares ( " Apollonian Games " ) were instituted in his honor , on the instructions of a prophecy attributed to one Marcius .
In literary contexts , Apollo represents harmony , order , and reason — characteristics contrasted with those of Dionysus , god of wine , who represents ecstasy and disorder .
The forms on earth , are imperfect imitations ( εικών , ikon : image ) of the celestial world of numbers .
Polykleitos in his Canon wrote that beauty consists in the proportion not of the elements ( materials ) , but of the parts , that is the interrelation of parts with one another and with the whole .
The Siphnian Treasury in Delphi was one of the first Greek buildings utilizing the solution to put the dominating form in the middle , and to complete the descending scale of height with other figures sitting or kneeling .
Another haloed Apollo in mosaic , from Hadrumentum , is in the museum at Sousse .
Percy Bysshe Shelley composed a " Hymn of Apollo " ( 1820 ) , and the god 's instruction of the Muses formed the subject of Igor Stravinsky 's Apollon musagète ( 1927 – 1928 ) .
Agassi was troubled by personal issues during the mid-to-late 1990s and sank to world no. 141 in 1997 , prompting many to believe that his career was over .
1970 – 1985 : Early life Agassi was born in Las Vegas , Nevada , to Emmanuel " Mike " Agassi and Elizabeth " Betty " Agassi ( née Dudley ) .
He 's here for free , " claiming that Agassi had more natural talent than anyone else he had seen .
Agassi dropped out of school in the ninth grade .
He won his first match against John Austin , but then lost his second match to Mats Wilander .
His year-end ranking was world no. 3 , behind second-ranked Ivan Lendl and top-ranked Mats Wilander .
Both the Association of Tennis Professionals and Tennis magazine named Agassi the Most Improved Player of the Year for 1988 .
Courier emerged the victor in a five-set final .
Agassi missed much of the early part of that year with injuries .
Although he made the quarterfinals in his Wimbledon title defense , he lost to eventual champion and world no. 1 Pete Sampras in five sets .
He then became the first man to capture the US Open as an unseeded player , beating Michael Stich in the final .
In 1996 , Agassi shaved his balding head , breaking with his old " image is everything " style .
1997 was the low point of Agassi 's career .
His wrist injury resurfaced , and he played only 24 matches during the year .
He rebounded from his Wimbledon defeat by winning the US Open , beating Todd Martin in five sets ( rallying from a two sets to one deficit ) in the final .
At the inaugural Tennis Masters Cup in Lisbon , Agassi reached the final after defeating Marat Safin in the semifinals to end the Russian 's hopes to become the youngest world no. 1 in the history of tennis .
Agassi then lost to Gustavo Kuerten in the final , allowing Kuerten to be crowned year-end world no. 1 .
In the quarterfinals at the US Open , Agassi lost a 3 hour , 33 minute epic match with Sampras , 7 – 6 , 6 – 7 , 6 – 7 , 6 – 7 , with no breaks of serve during the 48-game match .
Agassi 's US Open finish , along with his Masters Series victories in Key Biscayne , Rome and Madrid , helped him finish 2002 as the oldest year-end world no. 2 at 32 years and 8 months .
On April 28 , 2003 , he recaptured the world no. 1 ranking after a quarterfinal victory over Xavier Malisse at the Queen 's Club Championships to become the oldest top-ranked male player since the ATP rankings began at 33 years and 13 days .
During his career , Agassi held the world no. 1 ranking for a total of 101 weeks .
Agassi had several other deep runs at tournaments , but had to withdraw from several events due to injury .
In the final , Agassi faced Federer , who was seeking his second consecutive US Open title and his sixth Grand Slam title in two years .
He nevertheless committed to the tournament , in which he was seeded third , and played Nikolay Davydenko in his first round-robin match .
Agassi had a poor start to 2006 .
Agassi played only two events during the summer hard-court season , with his best result being a quarterfinal loss at the Countrywide Classic in Los Angeles to Fernando González of Chile .
After a tough four-set win against Andrei Pavel , Agassi faced eighth-seeded Marcos Baghdatis in the second round , who had earlier advanced to the 2006 Australian Open final and Wimbledon semifinals .
On September 5 , 2007 , he was a surprise guest commentator for the Andy Roddick / Roger Federer US Open quarter-final .
He played an exhibition match at Wimbledon , teaming with his wife , Steffi Graf , to play with Tim Henman and Kim Clijsters .
At the 2009 French Open , Agassi was on hand to present Roger Federer , who completed his Career Grand Slam by winning the tournament and joined Agassi as one of six men to complete the Career Grand Slam , with the trophy .
This relentless aggressive baseliner style put many opponents on the defence and earned Agassi the nickname " The Punisher " .
Agassi 's charities help in assisting children reach their athletic potential .
The Austroasiatic ( Austro-Asiatic ) languages , in recent classifications synonymous with Mon – Khmer , are a large language family of continental Southeast Asia , also scattered throughout India , Bangladesh , and the southern border of China .
In addition to the traditional classification , two recent proposals are given , neither of which accept traditional " Mon – Khmer " as a valid unit .
Sidwell & Blench ( 2011 ) suggest Shompen as an additional branch , and believe that a Vieto-Katuic connection is worth investigating .
However , the dates obtained from DNA studies are several times older than that given by linguists .


The most widely spoken Afroasiatic language is Arabic ( including literary Arabic and the spoken colloquial varieties ) , with about 200 to 230 million native speakers , spoken mostly in the Middle East and parts of North Africa .
There are no generally accepted relations between Afroasiatic and any other language family .
Symbols on Gerzean pottery resembling Egyptian hieroglyphs date back to c. 4000 BC , suggesting a still earlier possible date .
Afroasiatic languages are today primarily spoken in the Middle East , North Africa , the Horn of Africa , and parts of the Sahel .
Years later their daughter , Ermessenda , married Roger Bernat II , the French Count of Foix .
In 1812 – 13 , the First French Empire annexed Catalonia and divided it in four département s , with Andorra being made part of the district of Puigcerdà ( département of Sègre ) .
It remained in an official state of belligerency until 1958 as it was not included in the Treaty of Versailles .
Francoist troops reached the Andorran border in the later stages of the war .
The Councillors can be elected on two equal constituencies .
During this session , the Syndic General , who is the head of the General Council , and the Subsyndic General , his assistant , are elected .
The Syndic General then notifies the Co-princes who in turn appoint the elected candidate as the Prime Minister of Andorra .
In turn , the Councillors have the power to remove the Head of Government from office .
After a motion of censure is approved by at least one-fifth of the Councillors , the Council will vote and if it receives the absolute majority of votes , the Prime Minister is removed .
Police Corps Andorra maintains a small , but modern and well-equipped internal police force with around 240 police officers , supported by civilian assistants .
The first fire pump purchased by the government was acquired in 1943 .
Geography Parishes Andorra consists of seven parishes : Physical geography Due to its location in the eastern Pyrenees mountain range , Andorra consists predominantly of rugged mountains , the highest being the Coma Pedrosa at , and the average elevation of Andorra is .
Andorran television and radio stations use Catalan .
Andorra is one of only three European countries ( together with France and Monaco ) that have never signed the Council of Europe Framework Convention on National Minorities .
The cost of healthcare is covered by CASS at rates of 75 % for out-patient expenses such as medicines and hospital visits , 90 % for hospitalisation , and 100 % for work-related accidents .
Transport Until the 20th century , Andorra had very limited transport links to the outside world , and development of the country was affected by its physical isolation .
Even now , the nearest major airports at Toulouse and Barcelona are both three hours ' drive from Andorra .
Andorra usually plays in CERH Euro Cup and in FIRS Roller Hockey World Cup .
However , the team has had little success internationally because of Andorra 's small population .
In 2012 Andorra raised its first national cricket team and played an at home match against the Dutch Fellowship of Fairly Odd Places Cricket Club .
The first match played in the history of Andorra at an altitude of 1300 meters .
The term " arithmetic mean " is preferred in some contexts in mathematics and statistics because it helps distinguish it from other mean s such as the geometric mean and the harmonic mean .
There are applications of this phenomenon in many fields .
This conference and its counterpart , the National Football Conference ( NFC ) , currently contain 16 teams each , making up the 32 teams of the NFL .
The two AFL divisions AFL East and AFL West were more or less intact .
Due to the relocation controversy of the Cleveland Browns , a new AFC franchise called the Baltimore Ravens was officially established in 1996 while the Browns were reactivated in 1999 .
Orwell suggested the title Union des républiques socialistes animales for the French translation , which recalled the French name of the Soviet Union , Union des républiques socialistes soviétiques , and which abbreviates to URSA , the Latin for " bear " , a symbol of Russia .
It was initially rejected by a number of British and American publishers , including one of Orwell 's own , Victor Gollancz .
Snowball attempts to teach the animals reading and writing ; food is plentiful , and the farm runs smoothly .
Through a young pig named Squealer , Napoleon claims credit for the windmill idea .
Despite his injuries , Boxer continues working harder and harder , until he collapses while working on the windmill .
He recounts a tale of Boxer 's death in the hands of the best medical care .
The Seven Commandments are reduced to a single phrase : " All animals are equal , but some animals are more equal than others " .
He abolishes practice of the revolutionary traditions and renames the farm " The Manor Farm " .
Characters Pigs Humans Equines Other animals Composition and Publication Origin George Orwell wrote the manuscript in 1943 and 1944 subsequent to his experiences during the Spanish Civil War , which he described in Homage to Catalonia ( 1938 ) .
Immediately prior to his writing , Orwell had quit the BBC .
Eliot said he found the view " not convincing " , and contended that the pigs were made out to be the best to run the farm ; he posited that someone might argue " what was needed . .
Orwell 's essay criticised British self-censorship by the press , specifically the suppression of unflattering descriptions of Stalin and the Soviet government .
Other publishers were still declining to publish it .
It seemed on the whole dull .
Squealer is employed to alter the Seven Commandments to account for this humanisation , an allusion to the Soviet government 's revising of history in order to exercise control of the people 's beliefs about themselves and their society .
This very particular alteration had been occasioned by Orwell having been in Paris in March 1945 , working as a war correspondent for the Observer and the Manchester Evening News .
Eventually , their bony fins would evolve into limbs and they would become the ancestors to all tetrapod s , including modern amphibians , reptile s , bird s , and mammal s. Despite being able to crawl on land , many of these prehistoric tetrapodomorph fish still spent most of their time in the water .
The relative scarcity of fossil evidence precludes precise dating , but the most recent molecular study , based on multilocus sequence typing , suggests a Late Carboniferous/Early Permian origin of extant amphibians .
It also appears that the divergence of the three groups took place in the Paleozoic or early Mesozoic ( around 250 million years ago ) , before the breakup of the supercontinent Pangaea and soon after their divergence from the lobe-finned fish .
The skin changed to become more protective and prevent excessive water loss .
Classification varies according to the preferred phylogeny of the author and whether they use a stem-based or a node-based classification .
Although the fossils of several older proto-frogs with primitive characteristics are known , the oldest " true frog " is Prosalirus bitis , from the Early Jurassic Kayenta Formation of Arizona .
In the adult state , they have tear ducts and movable eyelids , and most species have ears that can detect airborne or ground vibrations .
Anura is divided into three suborders that are broadly accepted by the scientific community , but the relationships between some families remain unclear .
These have certain characteristics that are intermediate between the two other suborders .
The family Plethodontidae is also found in Central America and South America north of the Amazon Basin .
Urodela is a name sometimes used for all the extant species of salamanders .
They differ from the cryptobranchids by having fused prearticular bones in the lower jaw , and by using internal fertilisation .
Most caecilians live underground in burrows in damp soil , in rotten wood and under plant debris , but some are aquatic .
Salamanders use their tails in defence and some are prepared to jettison them to save their lives in a process known as autotomy .
Tadpoles retain the lateral line system of their ancestral fishes but this is lost in terrestrial adult amphibians .
There is a patch of specialized haircells , called papilla amphibiorum , in the inner ear capable of detecting deeper sounds .
Several hundred frog species in adaptive radiation s ( e.g. , Eleutherodactylus , the Pacific Platymantines , the Australo-Papuan microhylids , and many other tropical frogs ) , however , do not need any water for breeding in the wild .
In anurans , males usually arrive at the breeding sites before females and the vocal chorus they produce may stimulate ovulation in females and the endocrine activity of males that are not yet reproductively active .
The majority of salamanders also engage in internal fertilisation .
In most of these , the male deposits a spermatophore , a small packet of sperm on top of a gelatinous cone , on the substrate either on land or in the water .
These frogs are typically species that emerge after heavy rains and congregate at a breeding site .
The tungara frog ( Physalaemus pustulosus ) builds a floating nest from foam to protect its eggs .
It contains no detergent s but is created by whipping up protein s and lectin s secreted by the female .
FrogsFrog larvae are known as tadpoles and typically have oval bodies and long , vertically flattened tails with fins .
Some species are carnivorous at the tadpole stage , eating insects , smaller tadpoles and fish .
Eyes and legs grow quickly , and a tongue is formed .
Lungless salamanders in the family Plethodontidae are terrestrial and lay a small number of unpigmented eggs in a cluster among damp leaf litter .
In the genus Ensatinas , the female has been observed to coil around them and press her throat area against them , effectively massaging them with a mucous secretion .
Their gills are never covered by gill sacs and are reabsorbed just before the animals leave the water .
At first , they feed on the yolks of the eggs but as this source of nourishment declines they begin to rasp at the ciliated epithelial cells that line the oviduct .
This stimulates the secretion of fluids rich in lipid s and mucoproteins on which they feed along with scrapings from the oviduct wall .
Parental care The care of offspring among amphibians has been little studied but , in general , the larger the number of eggs in a batch , the less likely it is that any degree of parental care takes place .
The granular poison frog ( Oophaga granulifera ) is typical of a number of tree frogs in the poison dart frog family Dendrobatidae .
This response is mostly secondary because salamanders have been observed to remain stationary near odoriferous prey but only feed if it moves .
The struggles of the prey and further jaw movements work it inwards and the caecilian usually retreats into its burrow .
Water is drawn in through their mouths , which are usually at the bottom of their heads , and passes through branchial food traps between their mouths and their gills where fine particles are trapped in mucus and filtered out .
Territorial behaviour Little is known of the territorial behaviour of caecilians , but some frogs and salamanders defend home ranges .
Some of these have specific adaptations such as enlarged teeth for biting or spines on the chest , arms or thumbs .
In general , a deeper voice represents a heavier and more powerful individual , and this may be sufficient to prevent intrusion by smaller males .
The secretion is often sticky and distasteful or toxic .
Coevolution occurs with the newt increasing its toxic capabilities at the same rate as the snake further develops its immunity .
These warning colours tend to be red or yellow combined with black , with the fire salamander ( Salamandra salamandra ) being an example .
In the Middle East , a growing appetite for eating frog legs and the consequent gathering of them for food was linked to an increase in mosquito es .
Alaska 's territorial waters touch Russia 's territorial waters in the Bering Strait , as the Russian Big Diomede Island and Alaskan Little Diomede Island are only apart .
The Alaska Marine Highway provides a vital surface transportation link throughout the area , as only three communities ( Haines , Hyder and Skagway ) enjoy direct connections to the contiguous North American road system .
Fairbanks is the only large city in the region .
The massive Yukon – Kuskokwim Delta , one of the largest river deltas in the world , is here .
Barrow , the northernmost city in the United States , is located here .
However , the respective Inupiat of the North Slope and of the Northwest Arctic seldom think of themselves as one .
Two of the islands , Attu and Kiska , were occupied by Japanese forces during World War II .
Natural features With its myriad islands , Alaska has nearly of tidal shoreline .
Glacier ice covers some of land and of tidal zone .
A portion of that acreage is occasionally ceded to organized boroughs , under the statutory provisions pertaining to newly formed boroughs .
The climate of Western Alaska is determined in large part by the Bering Sea and the Gulf of Alaska .
Even in July , the average low temperature in Barrow is .
The Tlingit people developed a matrilineal society in what is today Southeast Alaska , along with parts of British Columbia and the Yukon .
Alaska was loosely governed by the military initially , and was administered as a district starting in 1884 , with a governor appointed by the president of the United States , as well as a district court headquartered in Sitka .
The construction of military bases contributed to the population growth of some Alaskan cities .
Alaska is the largest U.S. state by area , and the tenth wealthiest ( per capita income ) .
Race and ancestry According to the 2010 United States Census , Alaska had a population of 710,231 .
About 3.5 % speak Spanish at home .
Alaska 's main export product ( excluding oil and natural gas ) is seafood , primarily salmon , cod , Pollock and crab .
Employment is primarily in government and industries such as natural resource extraction , shipping , and transportation .
Military bases are a significant component of the economy in both Fairbanks and Anchorage .
It has served as an attractive political prospect ever since , diverting revenues which would normally be deposited into the general fund .
The Permanent Fund has become the rare exception to this , mostly due to the political climate of distrust existing during the time of its creation .
Most farms are in either the Matanuska Valley , about northeast of Anchorage , or on the Kenai Peninsula , about southwest of Anchorage .
The primary crops are potatoes , carrots , lettuce , and cabbage .
The Tanana Valley is another notable agricultural locus , especially Delta Junction area , about southeast of Fairbanks , with a sizable concentration of farms growing agronomic crops ; these farms mostly lie north and east of Fort Greely .
In rural areas , subsistence hunting and gathering is an essential activity because imported food is prohibitively expensive .
The railroad , though famed for its summertime tour passenger service , played a vital role in Alaska 's development , moving freight into Alaska while transporting natural resources southward ( i.e. , coal from the Usibelli coal mine near Healy to Seward and gravel from the Matanuska Valley to Anchorage ) .
Marine transport Many cities , towns and villages in the state do not have road or highway access ; the only modes of access involve travel by air , river , or the sea .
Anchorage recently completed extensive remodeling and construction at Ted Stevens Anchorage International Airport to help accommodate the upsurge in tourism ( in 2000 – 2001 , the latest year for which data is available , 2.4 million total arrivals to Alaska were counted , 1.7 million by air travel ; 1.4 million were visitors ) .
Much of this service can be attributed to the Alaska bypass mail program which subsidizes bulk mail delivery to Alaskan rural communities .
Alaska 's court system has four levels : the Alaska Supreme Court , the court of appeals , the superior courts and the district courts .
The superior and district courts are trial court s. Superior courts are courts of general jurisdiction , while district courts only hear certain types of cases , including misdemeanor criminal cases and civil cases valued up to $ 100,000 .
State politics Although Alaska entered the union as a Democratic state , since the early 1970s Alaska has been characterized as a Republican - leaning state .
Other local taxes levied include raw fish taxes , hotel , motel , and bed-and-breakfast ' bed ' taxes , severance tax es , liquor and tobacco taxes , gaming ( pull tabs ) taxes , tire taxes and fuel transfer taxes .
A part of the revenue collected from certain state taxes and license fees ( such as petroleum , aviation motor fuel , telephone cooperative ) is shared with municipalities in Alaska .
McCain 's running mate was Sarah Palin , the state 's governor and the first Alaskan on a major party ticket .
Because of its population relative to other U.S. states , Alaska has only one member in the U.S. House of Representatives .
Alaska 's United States Senators belong to Class 2 and Class 3 .
The Alaska Department of Labor and Workforce Development operates AVTEC , Alaska 's Institute of Technology .
Suicide rates for rural residents are higher than urban .
The average age of sexually assaulted victims is 16 years old .
The Alaska Native Heritage Center celebrates the rich heritage of Alaska 's 11 cultural groups .
The Alaska Native Arts Foundation promotes and markets Native art from all regions and cultures in the State , both on the internet ; at its gallery in Anchorage , 500 West Sixth Avenue , and at the Alaska House New York , 109 Mercer Street in SoHo .
There are many established music festivals in Alaska , including the Alaska Folk Festival , the Fairbanks Summer Arts Festival , the Anchorage Folk Festival , the Athabascan Old-Time Fiddling Festival , the Sitka Jazz Festival , and the Sitka Summer Music Festival .
A remarkable shift in agricultural practices has occurred over the past century in response to new technologies , and the development of world markets .
This also led to technological improvements in agricultural techniques , such as the Haber-Bosch method for synthesizing ammonium nitrate which made the traditional practice of recycling nutrient s with crop rotation and animal manure less necessary .
Thus , a literal reading of the word yields " tillage of fields " .
In the gradual process of a family improving their immediate environment , useful tree and vine species were identified , protected and improved whilst undesirable species were eliminated .
Agriculture bred immobility , as populations settled down for long periods of time , which led to the accumulation of material goods .
A 2007 study found evidence of the domestication of manioc and arrowroot in what is now Panama that possibly dated back over 7,500 years ( 5200 BC ) .
The most common varieties of strawberry were domesticated from Eastern North America .
This change in equipment significantly increased cultivation ability , and affected the demand for land , as well as ideas about property , inheritance and family rights .
Middle Ages The Middle Ages saw significant improvements in the agricultural techniques and technology .
Integrated pest management ( IPM ) , which " has been promoted for decades and has had some notable successes " has not significantly affected the use of pesticides because policies encourage the use of pesticides and IPM is knowledge-intensive .
Agricultural exploration expeditions , since the late 19th century , have been mounted to find new species and new agricultural practices in different areas of the world .
Synthetic nitrogen , along with mined rock phosphate , pesticides and mechanization , have greatly increased crop yields in the early 20th century .
Increased supply of grain s has led to cheaper livestock as well .
In 2007 , the services sector overtook the agricultural sector as the largest employer .
Between 1997 and 2007 , the percentage of people employed in agriculture fell by over four percentage points , a trend that is expected to continue .
This fallow period is shortened if population density grows , requiring the input of nutrients ( fertilizer or manure ) and some manual pest control .
Multiple cropping , in which several crops are grown sequentially in one year , and intercropping , when several crops are grown at the same time are other kinds of annual cropping systems known as polyculture s. In subtropical and arid environments , the timing and extent of agriculture may be limited by rainfall , either not allowing multiple annual crops in a year , or requiring irrigation .
Tillage varies in intensity from conventional to no-till .
Extensive X-ray and ultraviolet induced mutagenesis efforts ( i.e. primitive genetic engineering ) during the 1950s produced the modern commercial varieties of grains such as wheat , corn ( maize ) and barley .
Similarly , worldwide average wheat yields have increased from less than 1 t/ha in 1900 to more than 2.5 t/ha in 1990 .
Today , 92 % of soybean acreage in the US is planted with genetically modified herbicide-tolerant plants .
Some studies also link widespread glyphosate usage to iron deficiencies in some crops , which is both a crop production and a nutritional quality concern , with potential economic and health implications .
These crops protect plants from damage by insects ; one such crop is Starlink .
Another is cotton , which accounts for 63 % of US cotton acreage .
A 2000 assessment of agriculture in the UK determined total external costs for 1996 of £ 2,343 million , or £ 208 per hectare .
In the book Out of Water : From abundance to scarcity and how to solve the world 's water problems , authors Colin Chartres and Samyukta Varma of the International Water Management Institute lay down a six-point plan of action for addressing the global challenge of producing sufficient food for the world with dwindling water resources .
It is one of the largest sources of greenhouse gases , responsible for 18 % of the world 's greenhouse gas emissions as measured in CO2 equivalents .
The report suggested that we need to assign value to ecosystems , recognize environmental and livelihood tradeoffs , and balance the rights of a variety of users and interests .
Technological advancements help provide farmers with tools and resources to make farming more sustainable .
Energy and agriculture Since the 1940s , agricultural productivity has increased dramatically , due largely to the increased use of energy-intensive mechanization , fertilizer s and pesticide s. The vast majority of this energy input comes from fossil fuel sources .
Between the 1960 – 65 measuring cycle and the cycle from 1986 – 90 , the Green Revolution transformed agriculture around the globe , with world grain production increasing significantly ( between 70 % and 390 % for wheat and 60 % to 150 % for rice , depending on geographic area ) as world population doubled .
Direct consumption includes the use of lubricants and fuels to operate farm vehicles and machinery ; and use of gas , liquid propane , and electricity to power dryers , pumps , lights , heaters , and coolers .
Mitigation of effects of petroleum shortages In the event of a petroleum shortage ( see peak oil for global concerns ) , organic agriculture can be more attractive than conventional practices that use petroleum-based pesticides , herbicides , or fertilizers .
Agricultural policy can also touch on food quality , ensuring that the food supply is of a consistent and known quality , food security , ensuring that the food supply meets the population 's needs , and conservation .
He taught French for a year at Eton , where Eric Blair ( later to become George Orwell ) and Stephen Runciman were among his pupils , but was remembered as an incompetent and hopeless teacher who could n’t keep discipline .
The U.S. .
It was from this period , with the publication of the generally disputed theories contained in the latter book , that a growing degree of popular controversy arose over the subject of Huxley ’s eyesight .
For instance , some ten years after publication of The Art of Seeing , in 1952 , Bennett Cerf was present when Huxley spoke at a Hollywood banquet , wearing no glasses and apparently reading his paper from the lectern without difficulty : " Then suddenly he faltered — and the disturbing truth became obvious .
Nevertheless , the topic of Huxley ’s eyesight continues to endure similar , significant controversy , regardless of how trivial a subject matter it might initially appear .
In 1956 he married Laura Archera ( 1911 – 2007 ) , also an author .
Despite his interest in spirituality and mysticism , Huxley called himself an agnostic .
The most substantial collection of Huxley 's few remaining papers ( following the destruction of most in a fire ) is at the Library of the University of California , Los Angeles .
Some are also at the Stanford University Library .
This coincidence was the inspiration for Peter Kreeft 's book Between Heaven and Hell : A Dialog Somewhere Beyond Death with John F. Kennedy , C. S. Lewis , & Aldous Huxley .

Most are photosynthetic and " simple " because they lack the many distinct cell and organ types found in land plants .
Algae exhibit a wide range of reproductive strategies , from simple , asexual cell division to complex forms of sexual reproduction .
Many are phototroph ic , although some groups contain members that are mixotroph ic , deriving energy both from photosynthesis and uptake of organic carbon either by osmotrophy , myzotrophy , or phagotrophy .
Most of the simpler algae are unicellular flagellate s or amoeboid s , but colonial and non-motile forms have developed independently among several of the groups .
Lichens Lichen s are defined by the International Association for Lichenology to be " an association of a fungus and a photosynthetic symbiont resulting in a stable vegetative body having a specific structure . "
Coral reefs Coral reef s are accumulated from the calcareous exoskeleton s of marine invertebrate s of the order Scleractinia ( stony coral s ) .
Numbers The Algal Collection of the US National Herbarium ( located in the National Museum of Natural History ) consists of approximately 320,500 dried specimens , which , although not exhaustive ( no exhaustive collection exists ) , gives an idea of the order of magnitude of the number of algal species ( that number remains unknown ) .
Regarding the difference of about 15000 species , the text concludes : " It will require many detailed field surveys before it is possible to provide a reliable estimate of the total number of species ... " Regional and group estimates have been made as well : and so on , but lacking any scientific basis or reliable sources , these numbers have no more credibility than the British ones mentioned above .
Seaweeds grow mostly in shallow marine waters , under ; however some have been recorded to a depth of .
Algaculture on a large scale is an important type of aquaculture in some places .
A statistically significant result ( when a probability ( p-value ) is less than a threshold ( significance level ) ) justifies the rejection of the null hypothesis .
However , there are differences .
Also , a statistician may specify that logarithmic transforms be applied to the responses , which are believed to follow a multiplicative model .
This is an example of data coding .
Logic of ANOVA The calculations of ANOVA can be characterized as computing a number of means and variances , dividing two variances and comparing the ratio to a handbook value to determine statistical significance .
ANOVA is used to support other statistical tools .
The proliferation of interaction terms increases the risk that some hypothesis test will produce a false positive by chance .
Early experiments are often designed to provide mean-unbiased estimates of treatment effects and of experimental error .
Later experiments are often designed to test a hypothesis that a treatment effect has an important magnitude ; in this case , the number of experimental units is chosen so that the experiment is within budget and has adequate power , among other goals .
η2 ( eta-squared ) : Eta-squared describes the ratio of variance explained in the dependent variable by a predictor while controlling for other predictors .
One rule of thumb : " If the largest standard deviation is less than twice the smallest standard deviation , we can use methods based on the assumption of equal standard deviations and our results will still be approximately correct . "
Follow-up tests are often distinguished in terms of whether they are planned ( a priori ) or post hoc .
Simple comparisons compare one group mean with one other group mean .
Study designs and ANOVAs There are several types of ANOVA .
For single factor ( one way ) ANOVA , the adjustment for unbalanced data is easy , but the unbalanced analysis lacks both robustness and power .
Consequently , the analysis of unbalanced factorials is much more difficult than that for balanced designs . "
Laplace was performing hypothesis testing in the 1770s .
One of the attributes of ANOVA which ensured its early popularity was computational elegance .
In the era of mechanical calculators this simplicity was critical .
Alkanes , or paraffins ( a still-used historical name for alkanes ) , are saturated hydrocarbon s. They consist only of hydrogen and carbon atoms , all bonds are single bond s , and the carbon atoms are not joined in cyclic structures but instead form a simple chain .
They have the general chemical formula CnH2n +2 .
The number of carbon atoms is used to define the size of the alkane ( e.g. , C2-alkane ) .
Saturated oils and waxes are examples of larger alkanes where the number of carbons in the carbon backbone is greater than 10 .
Although this is not strictly necessary , the usage is still common in cases where there is an important difference in properties between the straight-chain and branched-chain isomers , e.g. , n-hexane or 2 - or 3-methylpentane .
Cycloalkanes are named as per their acyclic counterparts with respect to the number of carbon atoms , e.g. , cyclopentane ( C5H10 ) is a cycloalkane with 5 carbon atoms just like pentane ( C5H12 ) , but they are joined up in a five-membered ring .
In a similar manner , propane and cyclopropane , butane and cyclobutane , etc. .
The use of the term " paraffin " is a general term and often does not distinguish between pure compounds and mixtures of isomers , i.e. , compounds with the same chemical formula , e.g. , pentane and isopentane .
Solids have more rigid and fixed structure than liquids .
For this reason they do not form hydrogen bond s and are insoluble in polar solvents such as water .
Bond lengths and bond angles An alkane molecule has only C – H and C – C single bonds .
There is a further degree of freedom for each carbon – carbon bond : the torsion angle between the atoms or groups bound to the atoms at each end of the bond .
The case of higher alkanes is more complex but based on similar principles , with the antiperiplanar conformation always being the most favored around each carbon-carbon bond .
The carbon-13 resonances depend on the number of hydrogen atoms attached to the carbon : δC = 8 – 30 ( primary , methyl , - CH3 ) , 15 – 55 ( secondary , methylene , - CH2 - ) , 20 – 60 ( tertiary , methyne , C-H ) and quaternary .
The reaction is highly exothermic , and can lead to an explosion .
These reactions are an important industrial route to halogenated hydrocarbons .
The thermal cracking process follows a homolytic mechanism with formation of free-radical s. The catalytic cracking process involves the presence of acid catalyst s ( usually solid acids such as silica-alumina and zeolite s ) , which promote a heterolytic ( asymmetric ) breakage of bonds yielding pairs of ion s of opposite charges , usually a carbo cation and the very unstable hydride anion .
Alkyl groups can be transferred from one compound to another by transmetalation reactions .
Occurrence Occurrence of alkanes in the Universe Alkanes form a small portion of the atmospheres of the outer gas planets such as Jupiter ( 0.1 % methane , 0.0002 % ethane ) , Saturn ( 0.2 % methane , 0.0005 % ethane ) , Uranus ( 1.99 % methane , 0.00025 % ethane ) and Neptune ( 1.5 % methane , 1.5 ppm ethane ) .
They have formed over millions of years and once exhausted can not be readily replaced .
The fungus Amorphotheca resinae prefers the longer-chain alkanes in aviation fuel , and can cause serious problems for aircraft in tropical regions .
They protect the plant against water loss , prevent the leaching of important minerals by the rain , and protect against bacteria , fungi , and harmful insects .
More volatile short-chain alkanes are also produced by and found in plant tissues .
The first four alkanes are used mainly for heating and cooking purposes , and in some countries for electricity generation .
It is , however , easier to transport them as liquids : This requires both compression and cooling of the gas .
The lighter liquid alkanes are highly flammable , although this risk decreases with the length of the carbon chain .
The appellant in the new case can be either the plaintiff ( or claimant ) , defendant , third-party intervenor , or respondent ( appellee ) from the lower case , depending on who was the losing party .
In the Supreme Court , review in most cases is available only if the Court exercises its discretion and grants a writ of certiorari .
The ability of the prosecution to appeal a decision in favor of a defendant varies significantly internationally .
By convention in some law reports , the appellant is named first .
There are two distinct forms of appellate review , " direct " and " collateral " .
475 ( 7th Cir .
State Post Conviction Relief : Collateral AppealAll States have a post-conviction relief process .
Habeas Corpus Notice of appeal A " notice of appeal " is a form or document that in many cases is required to begin an appeal .
This might be the proper standard of review , for example , if the lower court resolved the case by granting a pre-trial motion to dismiss or motion for summary judgment which is usually based only upon written submissions to the trial court and not on any trial testimony .
Those arguments are presented in written briefs and sometimes in oral argument to the court at a hearing .
At such hearings each party is allowed a brief presentation at which the appellate judges ask questions based on their review of the record below and the submitted briefs .
If unchallenged , these decisions have the power to settle more minor legal disputes once and for all .
In the case of new evidence , there must be a high probability that its presence or absence would have made a material difference in the trial .
The mandate is distinguished from the appeal court 's opinion , which sets out the legal reasoning for its decision .
Some reviewing courts who have discretionary review may send a case back without comment other than review improvidently granted .
Generally , an answer is a reply to a question or is a solution , a retaliation , or a response that is relevant to the said question .
Historically , others have titled their appellate court a court of errors ( or court of errors and appeals ) , on the premise that it was intended to correct errors made by lower courts .
Examples of such courts include the New Jersey Court of Errors and Appeals ( which existed from 1844 to 1947 ) , the Connecticut Supreme Court of Errors ( which has been renamed the Connecticut Supreme Court ) , the Kentucky Court of Errors ( renamed the Kentucky Supreme Court ) , and the Mississippi High Court of Errors and Appeals ( since renamed the Supreme Court of Mississippi ) .
Acceptable pleas vary among jurisdictions , but they generally include " guilty " , " not guilty " , and the peremptory pleas ( or pleas in bar ) setting out reasons why a trial can not proceed .
Guilty and not-guilty pleas If the defendant pleads guilty , an evidentiary hearing usually follows .
In the past , a defendant who refused to plead ( or " stood mute " ) was subject to peine forte et dure ( Law French for " strong and hard punishment " ) .
Today in common-law jurisdictions , the court enters a plea of not guilty for a defendant who refuses to enter a plea .
[[651]]
The lyrics were written by Katharine Lee Bates , and the music was composed by church organist and choirmaster Samuel A. Ward .
A hymn tune composed by Samuel A. Ward was generally considered the best music as early as 1910 and is still the popular tune today .
The song is often included in songbooks in a wide variety of religious congregations in the United States .
Popularity of the song increased greatly following the September 11 , 2001 attacks ; at some sporting events it was sung in addition to the traditional singing of the national anthem .
During the first taping of the Late Show with David Letterman following the attacks , CBS newsman Dan Rather cried briefly as he quoted the fourth verse .
He places the third verse first , after which he sings the usual first verse .

Assistive Technology is an umbrella term that includes assistive , adaptive , and rehabilitative devices for people with disabilities and also includes the process used in selecting , locating , and using them .
Often there are handles behind the seat for someone else to do the pushing or input devices for caregivers .
When the alert is triggered , a message is sent to a caregiver or contact center who can respond appropriately .
This is useful where users want to access public computer based terminals in Libraries , ATM , Information kiosks etc. .
Assistive Technology for visual impairment Many people with serious visual impairments live independently , using a wide range of tools and techniques .
For instance , a C-Leg knee alone is not a prosthesis , but only a prosthetic component .
The user of an abacus is called an abacist .
Some scholars point to a character from the Babylon ian cuneiform which may have been derived from a representation of the abacus .
Due to Pope Sylvester II 's reintroduction of the abacus with very useful modifications , it became widely used in Europe once again during the 11th century Writing in the 1st century BC , Horace refers to the wax abacus , a board covered with a thin layer of black wax on which columns and figures were inscribed using a stylus .
The short grooves on the right may have been used for marking Roman ounces .
The beads are counted by moving them up or down towards the beam .
Suanpans can be used for functions other than counting .
The similarity of the Roman abacus to the Chinese one suggests that one could have inspired the other , as there is some evidence of a trade relationship between the Roman Empire and China .
Indian First century sources , such as the Abhidharmakosa describe the knowledge and use of abacus in India .
Hindu texts used the term shunya ( zero ) to indicate the empty column on the abacus .
Using visual imagery of a soroban , one can arrive at the answer in the same time as , or even faster than , is possible with a physical instrument .
In order to know the value of the respective beads of the upper rows , it is enough to multiply by 20 ( by each row ) , the value of the corresponding account in the first row .
This was a finger abacus , on one hand 0 1,2 , 3 , and 4 were used ; and on the other hand used 0 , 1 , 2 and 3 were used .
The quipu of the Inca s was a system of knotted cords used to record numerical data , like advanced tally stick s – but not used to perform calculations .
The Russian abacus is often used vertically , with wires from left to right in the manner of a book .
During manipulation , beads are moved to the left .
png File : Rechentisch .
jpg File : Rechnung auff der linihen 1525 Adam Ries .
PNG File :1543 Robert Recorde .
Aqueous acids have a pH under 7 , with acidity increasing the lower the pH. .
Examples include alcohols and amines which contain O-H or N-H fragments .
The Brønsted-Lowry definition is the most widely used definition ; unless otherwise specified , acid-base reactions are assumed to involve the transfer of a proton ( H + ) from an acid to a base .
Thus , an Arrhenius acid can also be described as a substance that increases the concentration of hydronium ions when added to water .
Brønsted-Lowry acids While the Arrhenius concept is useful for describing many reactions , it is also quite limited in its scope .
Brønsted-Lowry theory can also be used to describe molecular compounds , whereas Arrhenius acids must be ionic compounds .
A Lewis acid is a species that accepts a pair of electrons from another species ; in other words , it is an electron pair acceptor .
The second reaction can be described using either theory .
The equilibrium constant K is an expression of the equilibrium concentrations of the molecules or the ions in solution .
In the IUPAC naming system , " aqueous " is simply added to the name of the ionic compound .
Classical naming system : Acid strength The strength of an acid refers to its ability or tendency to lose a proton .
A strong acid is one that completely dissociates in water ; in other words , one mole of a strong acid HA dissolves in water yielding one mole of H + and one mole of the conjugate base , A − , and none of the protonated acid HA .
On the other hand , for organic acids the term mainly indicates the presence of one carboxylic acid group and sometimes these acids are known as monocarboxylic acid .
A diprotic acid ( here symbolized by H2A ) can undergo one or two dissociations depending on the pH. .
The large Ka1 for the first dissociation makes sulfuric a strong acid .
All three protons can be successively lost to yield H2PO4 − , then HPO42 - , and finally PO43 - , the orthophosphate ion , usually just called phosphate .
A pattern is observed in the above equations and can be expanded to the general n - protic acid that has been deprotonated i - times : \ alpha _ = where K0 = 1 and the other K-terms are the dissociation constants for the acid .
An example is the weakly acidic ammonium chloride , which is produced from the strong acid hydrogen chloride and the weak base ammonia .
Certain acids are used as drugs .
Fatty acids are also required for growth and repair of body tissues .
The entire molecule has a net neutral charge and is a zwitterion , with the exception of amino acids with basic or acidic side chains .
Aspartic acid , for example , possesses one protonated amine and two deprotonated carboxyl groups , for a net charge of − 1 at physiological pH. .
The pitch used in this mixture is sometimes found in natural deposits but usually made by the distillation of crude oil .
From the same root is derived the Anglo Saxon word cwidu ( mastix ) , the German word Kitt ( cement or mastic ) and the old Norse word kvada .
However , ' asphalt ' is also commonly used as a shortened form of ' asphalt concrete ' ( therefore equivalent to the British ' asphalt ' or ' tarmac ' ) .
A better separation can be achieved by further processing of the heavier fractions of the crude oil in a de-asphalting unit , which uses either propane or butane in a supercritical phase to dissolve the lighter molecules which are then separated .
Asphalt/bitumen is typically stored and transported at temperatures around 150 ° C ( 300 ° F ) .
These remains were deposited in the mud on the bottom of the ocean or lake where the organisms lived .
In the ancient Far East , natural asphalt/bitumen was slowly boiled to get rid of the higher fractions , leaving a material of higher molecular weight which is thermoplastic and when layered on objects , became quite hard upon cooling .
The asphalt/bitumen was thinly coated onto a pewter plate which was then exposed in a camera .
Unless thoroughly diluted , asphalt/bitumen never fully solidifies and will in time corrupt the other pigments with which it comes into contact .
The first British patent for the use of asphalt/bitumen was Cassell 's patent asphalte or bitumen ' in 1834 .
Dr T. Lamb Phipson claims that his father , Samuel Ryland Phipson , a friend of Claridge , was also " instrumental in introducing the asphalte pavement ( in 1836 ) " .
The failure of Clarmac Roads Ltd had a flow-on effect to Claridge 's Company , which was itself compulsorily wound up , ceasing operations in 1917 , having invested a substantial amount of funds into the new venture , both at the outset , and in a subsequent attempt to save the Clarmac Company .

Members ANSI 's membership comprises government agencies , organizations , corporations , academic and international bodies , and individuals .

Armstrong and Aldrin then moved into the Lunar Module and landed in the Sea of Tranquility .
Broadcast on live TV to a world-wide audience , Armstrong stepped onto the lunar surface and described the event as " one small step for [ a ] man , one giant leap for mankind . "
The lunar module was named Eagle for the national bird of the United States , the bald eagle , which is featured prominently on the mission insignia .
When the Eisenhower dollar coin was released a few years later , the patch design provided the eagle for its reverse side .
A Saturn V launched Apollo 11 from Launch Pad 39A , part of the Launch Complex 39 site at the Kennedy Space Center on July 16 , 1969 at 13:32:00 UTC ( 9:32:00 a.m. EDT local time ) .
The computer ( or rather the software in it ) was smart enough to recognize that it was being asked to perform more tasks than it should be performing .
This was later found to have been due to greater propellant ' slosh ' than expected , uncovering a fuel sensor .
Throughout the descent Aldrin had called out navigation data to Armstrong , who was busy piloting the LM .
Descent engine command override off .
413 is in . "
Armstrong acknowledged Aldrin 's completion of the post landing checklist with " Engine arm is off . "
Aldrin was an elder at the Webster Presbyterian Church and his communion kit was prepared by the pastor of the church , the Rev. Dean Woodruff .
Aldrin described communion on the Moon and the involvement of his church and pastor in the October 1970 edition of Guideposts magazine and in his book Return to Earth .
After describing the surface dust as " very fine-grained " and " almost like a powder " , Armstrong stepped off Eagles footpad and uttered his famous line , " That 's one small step for [ a ] man , one giant leap for mankind " six and a half hours after landing .
About seven minutes after stepping onto the Moon 's surface , Armstrong collected a contingency soil sample using a sample bag on a stick .
The inscription read : They also left behind a memorial bag containing a gold replica of an olive branch as a traditional symbol of peace and a silicon message disk .
( In his 1989 book , Men from Earth , Aldrin says that the items included Soviet medals commemorating Cosmonaut s Vladimir Komarov and Yuri Gagarin . )
Just before the Apollo 12 flight , it was noted that Eagle was still likely to be orbiting the Moon .
President Richard Nixon was aboard Hornet to personally welcome the astronauts back to Earth .
He told the astronauts , " As a result of what you 've done , the world has never been closer together before . "
Years later , it was publicly revealed that Nixon had prepared a speech to be given in the event the Lunar Module had failed to lift off from the lunar surface , which would have resulted in Armstrong 's and Aldrin 's deaths , similar to common newspaper obituary or government contingency plan procedures and policies .
On August 10 , 1969 , the astronauts exited quarantine .
President Richard Nixon and Vice President Spiro T. Agnew honored each astronaut with a presentation of the Presidential Medal of Freedom .
On July 13 , three days before Apollo 11 's launch , they launched Luna 15 which reached lunar orbit before Apollo 11 .
In 2009 the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter imaged the various Apollo landing sites on the surface of the Moon with sufficient resolution to see the descent stages of the lunar modules , scientific instruments , and foot trails made by the astronauts .
In addition , it is in the process of restoring the video footage and has released a preview of key moments .
The John F. Kennedy Library set up a Flash website that rebroadcasts the transmissions of Apollo 11 from launch to landing on the Moon .
jpg | Roll out of Saturn V on launch pad File : Apollo 11 Earth .
File : Land on the Moon 7 21 1969-repair .
jpg | '' The Washington Post '' on Monday , July 21 , 1969 : " The Eagle Has Landed — Two Men Walk on the Moon " File : NASA Armstrong 1969 scout .
Apollo 8 took three days to travel to the Moon .
Mission control The Earth-based mission control teams for Apollo 8 consisted of astronauts assigned to the support crew , as well as non-astronaut flight directors and their staffs .
The net result was that only the " D " mission had to be delayed .
Almost every senior manager at NASA agreed with this new mission , citing both confidence in the hardware and personnel , and the potential for a significant morale boost provided by a circumlunar flight .
Borman , as commander , was given training on controlling the spacecraft during the re-entry .
A task force of contractors , NASA agency representatives , and MSFC researchers concluded that the engines vibrated at a frequency similar to the frequency at which the spacecraft itself vibrated , causing a resonance effect that induced oscillations in the rocket .
Once NASA administrators were convinced that the problems were solved , they gave their approval for a manned mission using SA-503 .
The Apollo 8 spacecraft was placed on top of the rocket on September 21 and the rocket made the slow 3-mile ( 5 km ) journey to the launch pad on October 9 .
Testing continued all through December until the day before launch , including various levels of readiness testing from December 5 through 11 .
Apollo lunar missions would begin with a nominal circular Earth parking orbit .
Propellant venting increased the apogee by over the 2 hours , 44 minutes and 30 seconds spent in the parking orbit .
After discussion , the crew and Mission Control decided to burn in this direction , but at instead .
These discussions put the crew an hour behind their flight plan .
Five hours after launch , Mission Control sent a command to the S-IVB booster to vent its remaining fuel through its engine bell to change the booster 's trajectory .
To record the actual radiation dosages , each crew member wore a Personal Radiation Dosimeter that transmitted data to Earth as well as three passive film dosimeters that showed the cumulative radiation experienced by the crew .
By the end of the mission , the crew experienced an average radiation dose of 1.6 mGy .
The crew now placed the spacecraft into Passive Thermal Control ( PTC ) , also known as " barbecue " roll .
Borman eventually fell asleep but then awoke feeling ill .
The camera had two lenses , a very wide-angle ( 160 ° ) lens , and a telephoto ( 9 ° ) lens .
At 64 hours into the flight , the crew began to prepare for Lunar Orbit Insertion-1 ( LOI-1 ) .
This maneuver had to be performed perfectly , and due to orbital mechanics had to be on the far side of the Moon , out of contact with the Earth .
One of the crew 's major tasks was reconnaissance of planned future landing sites on the Moon , especially one in Mare Tranquillitatis that would be the Apollo 11 landing site .
A fellow parishioner and engineer at Mission Control , Rod Rose , suggested that Borman read the prayer which could be recorded and then replayed during the service .
In the ensuing scramble Anders took the more famous color photo , later picked by Life magazine as one of its hundred photos of the century .
Unplanned manual re-alignment Later , Lovell used some otherwise idle time to do some navigational sightings , maneuvering the module to view various stars by using the computer keyboard .
It took Lovell ten minutes to figure out the right numbers , using the thrusters to get the stars Rigel and Sirius aligned , and another 15 minutes to enter the corrected data into the computer .
The spacecraft splashdown position was officially reported as in the North Pacific Ocean south of Hawaii .
Even though the year saw political assassinations , political unrest in the streets of Europe and America , and the Prague Spring , TIME magazine chose the crew of Apollo 8 as their Men of the Year for 1968 , recognizing them as the people who most influenced events in the preceding year .
The effect of Apollo 8 can be summed up by a telegram from a stranger , received by Borman after the mission , that simply stated , " Thank you Apollo 8 .
There were 1200 journalists covering the mission , with the BBC coverage being broadcast in 54 countries in 15 different languages .
In film Apollo 8 's historic mission has been shown and referred to in several forms , both documentary and fiction .
At the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex 's Apollo/Saturn V Center , the history of the U.S. space program leading up to the launch of Apollo 8 is the subject of a multi-screen multimedia presentation which also features the actual control panels used in the Firing Room for the launch .
[[664]]
While generally reserved for professional space travelers , the terms are sometimes applied to anyone who travels into space , including scientists , politicians , journalists , and tourists .
Until 2002 , astronauts were sponsored and trained exclusively by governments , either by the military , or by civilian space agencies .
Of eight X-15 pilots who exceeded in altitude , only one exceeded 100 kilometers ( about 62 miles ) .
The first known formal use of the term astronautics in the scientific community was the establishment of the annual International Astronautical Congress in 1950 and the subsequent founding of the International Astronautical Federation the following year .
The word is an anglicisation of the Russian word kosmonavt ( ) , one who works in space outside the Earth 's atmosphere , a space traveler , which derives from the Greek words kosmos ( κόσμος ) , meaning " universe " , and nautes ( ναύτης ) , meaning " sailor " .
Inspired partly by these missions , other synonyms for astronaut have entered occasional English usage .
On July 23 , 1980 , Pham Tuan of Vietnam became the first Asian in space when he flew aboard Soyuz 37 .
In 1983 , Ulf Merbold of West Germany became the first non-US citizen to fly in a US spacecraft . In 1984 , Marc Garneau became the first of 8 Canadian astronauts to fly in space ( through 2010 ) .
Duration and distance milestones The longest stay in space thus far has been 438 days , by Russian Valeri Polyakov .
Civilian and non-government milestones Depending on the exact definition of ' civilian ' , the first civilian in space was either Valentina Tereshkova aboard Vostok 6 ( she also became the first woman in space on that mission ) or Joseph Albert Walker on X-15 Flight 90 a month later .
The first people in space who had never been a member of any country 's armed forces were both Konstantin Feoktistov and Boris Yegorov aboard Voskhod 1 .
The first non-governmental space traveler was Byron K. Lichtenberg , a researcher from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology who flew on STS-9 in 1983 .
It is anticipated that remote guided ultrasound will have application on Earth in emergency and rural care situations , where access to a trained physician is often rare .

Details Swift goes to great lengths to support his argument , including a list of possible preparation styles for the children , and calculations showing the financial benefits of his suggestion .
He uses methods of argument throughout his essay which lampoon then-influential William Petty and the social engineering popular among followers of Francis Bacon .
This essay is widely held to be one of the greatest examples of sustained irony in the history of the English language .
In the piece , Swift adopts the " technique of a political arithmetician " to show the utter ridiculousness of trying to prove any proposal with dispassionate statistics .
Critics differ about Swift ’s intentions in using this faux-mathematical philosophy .
People are the riches of a nation " At the start of a new industrial age in the 18th century , it was believed that " people are the riches of the nation " , and there was a general faith in an economy that paid its workers low wages because high wages meant workers would work less .
Swift however , Landa argues , is not merely criticizing economic maxims but also addressing the fact that England was denying Irish citizens their natural rights and dehumanizing them by viewing them as a mere commodity .
In popular culture The game Orphan Feast on Cartoon Network 's Adult Swim website is loosely based on A Modest Proposal .
A Modest Proposal is mentioned in the 1996 film The Birdcage .

Most alkali metals have many different applications .
Table salt , or sodium chloride , has been used since antiquity .
They react aggressively with the halogen s to form the alkali metal halide s , which are white ionic crystalline compounds that are all soluble in water except lithium fluoride ( Li F ) .
In contrast to the trend of decreasing electronegativities and ionisation energies of the alkali metals , francium 's electronegativity and ionisation energy are predicted to be higher than caesium 's due to the relativistic stabilisation of the 7s electrons ; also , its atomic radius is expected to be abnormally low .
This secondary hydrogen gas explosion produces the visible flame above the bowl of water , lake or other body of water , not the initial reaction of the metal with water ( which tends to happen mostly under water ) .
The chemical reaction of the alkali metals with water is : Reaction with nitrogen ( alkali metal nitrides ) Lithium , the lightest of the alkali metals , is the only alkali metal which reacts with nitrogen at standard conditions , and its nitride is the only stable alkali metal nitride .
The chemical reaction of lithium with nitrogen is : Reaction with oxygen ( alkali metal oxides ) All the alkali metals react vigorously with oxygen at standard conditions .
They are all white ionic crystalline solids .
All are soft and have low densities , melting point s , and boiling point s. The table below is a summary of the key physical and atomic properties of the alkali metals .
Of the 26 monoisotopic element s that have only a single stable isotope , all but one have an odd atomic number and all but one also have an even number of neutrons .
( Francium had not been discovered yet at that time . )
Periodic trends The alkali metals are more similar to each other than the elements in any other group are to each other .
This is the result of a combination of two factors : the first ionisation energies and atomisation energies of the alkali metals .
The electron pair is attracted so close to the chlorine atom that they are practically transferred to the chlorine atom ( an ionic bond ) .
This is unusual as periodic trends , ignoring relativistic effects would predict ununennium to be even more reactive than caesium and francium .
This lowered reactivity is due to the relativistic stabilisation of ununennium 's valence electron , increasing ununennium 's first ionisation energy and decreasing the metallic and ionic radii ; this effect is already seen for francium .
( The alkali metals can also form negative ions , known as alkalide s , but these are little more than laboratory curiosities , being unstable . )
He named the metal inside the material " lithium " .
SodiumSodium compounds have been known since ancient times ; salt ( sodium chloride ) has been an important commodity in human activities , as testified by the English word salary , referring to salarium , the wafers of salt sometimes given to Roman soldiers along with their other wages .
The exact chemical composition of potassium and sodium compounds , and the status as chemical element of potassium and sodium , was not known then , and thus Antoine Lavoisier did include the alkali in his list of chemical elements in 1789 .
RubidiumRubidium was discovered in 1861 in Heidelberg , Germany by Robert Bunsen and Gustav Kirchhoff , the first people to suggest finding new elements by spectrum analysis , in the mineral lepidolite through the use of a spectroscope .
Because of the bright red lines in its emission spectrum , they chose a name derived from the Latin word rubidus , meaning dark red .
Currently , none of the period 8 elements have been discovered yet , and it is also possible , due to drip instabilities , that only the lower period 8 elements , up to around element 128 , are physically possible .
In elements with even atomic numbers , protons are paired , with each member of the pair offsetting the spin of the other , enhancing stability .
The heavier alkali metals are also less abundant than the lighter ones as the alkali metals from rubidium onward can only be synthesized in supernova e and not in stellar nucleosynthesis .
On Earth The Earth formed from the same cloud of matter that formed the Sun , but the planets acquired different compositions during the formation and evolution of the solar system .
It is composed mostly of iron ( 32.1 % ) , oxygen ( 30.1 % ) , silicon ( 15.1 % ) , magnesium ( 13.9 % ) , sulfur ( 2.9 % ) , nickel ( 1.8 % ) , calcium ( 1.5 % ) , and aluminium ( 1.4 % ) ; with the remaining 1.2 % consisting of trace amounts of other elements .
Lithium , due to its relatively low reactivity , can be found in seawater in large amounts ; it is estimated that seawater is approximately 0.14 to 0.25 parts per million ( ppm ) or 25 micromolar .
Today the largest producers of caesium , for example the Tanco Mine , Manitoba , Canada , produce rubidium as by-product from pollucite .
Today , a common method for separating rubidium from potassium and caesium is the fractional crystallization of a rubidium and caesium alum ( Cs , Rb ) Al ( SO4 ) 2 · 12 H2O , which yields pure rubidium alum after approximately 30 different reactions .
Lithium can also be used to make lubricating greases , air treatment , and aluminium production .
Francium has no commercial applications , but because of francium 's relatively simple atomic structure , among other things , it has been used in spectroscopy experiments , leading to more information regarding energy level s and the coupling constant s between subatomic particle s. Studies on the light emitted by laser-trapped francium-210 ions have provided accurate data on transitions between atomic energy levels , similar to those predicted by quantum theory .
Perhaps the best-known case is the Goiânia accident of 1987 , in which an improperly-disposed-of radiation therapy system from an abandoned clinic in the city of Goiânia , Brazil , was scavenged from a junkyard , and the glowing caesium salt sold to curious , uneducated buyers .

[[670]]
An alphabet is a standard set of letters ( basic written symbols or graphemes ) which is used to write one or more language s based on the general principle that the letters represent phoneme s ( basic significant sounds ) of the spoken language .
While most alphabets have letters composed of lines ( linear writing ) , there are also exceptions such as the alphabets used in Braille , fingerspelling , and Morse code .
Alpha and beta in turn came from the first two letters of the Phoenician alphabet , and originally meant ox and house respectively .
In the Middle Bronze Age an apparently " alphabetic " system known as the Proto-Sinaitic script appears in Egyptian turquoise mines in the Sinai peninsula dated to circa the 15th century BC , apparently left by Canaanite workers .
This script was not used after the destruction of Ugarit .
The indication of the vowels is the same way as the indication of the consonants , therefore it was the first true alphabet .
In its early years , there were many variants of the Greek alphabet , a situation which caused many different alphabets to evolve from it .
Cyrillic is one of the most widely used modern alphabetic scripts , and is notable for its use in Slavic languages and also for other languages within the former Soviet Union .
Asian alphabets Beyond the logographic Chinese writing , many phonetic scripts are in existence in Asia .
Zhuyin ( sometimes called Bopomofo ) is a semi-syllabary used to phonetically transcribe Mandarin Chinese in the Republic of China .
Zhuyin developed out of a form of Chinese shorthand based on Chinese characters in the early 1900s and has elements of both an alphabet and a syllabary .
For example , luan is represented as ㄌㄨㄢ ( l-u-an ) , where the last symbol ㄢ represents the entire final - an .
( These are the only time vowels are indicated . )
For example , Sorani Kurdish is written in the Arabic script , which is normally an abjad .
Today the Rotokas alphabet has only twelve letters .
In French , these are not considered to be additional letters for the purposes of collation .
However , in Icelandic , the accented letters such as á , í , and ö are considered to be distinct letters of the alphabet .
The ll and ch were also considered single letters , but in 1994 the Real Academia Española changed collating order so that ll is between lk and lm in the dictionary and ch is between cg and ci , and in 2010 the tenth congress of the Association of Spanish Language Academies changed it so they were no longer letters at all In German , words starting with sch - ( constituting the German phoneme ) would be intercalated between words with initial sca - and sci - ( all incidentally loanwords ) instead of this graphic cluster appearing after the letter s , as though it were a single letter — a lexicographical policy which would be de rigueur in a dictionary of Albanian , i.e. dh - , ë - , gj - , ll - , rr - , th - , xh - and zh - ( all representing phonemes and considered separate single letters ) would follow the letters d , e , g , l , n , r , t , x and z respectively .
An exception is the German phonebook where umlauts are sorted like ä = ae since names as Jäger appear also with the spelling Jaeger , and there 's no telling them apart in the spoken language .
The historical order was abandoned in Runic and Arabic , although Arabic retains the traditional abjadi order for numbering .
The Brahmic family of alphabets used in India use a unique order based on phonology : The letters are arranged according to how and where they are produced in the mouth .
The pronunciation of a language often evolves independently of its writing system , and writing systems have been borrowed for languages they were not designed for , so the degree to which letters of an alphabet correspond to phonemes of a language varies greatly from one language to another and even within a single language .
Languages may fail to achieve a one-to-one correspondence between letters and sounds in any of several ways : National languages generally elect to address the problem of dialects by simply associating the alphabet with the national standard .
For English , this is partly because the Great Vowel Shift occurred after the orthography was established , and because English has acquired a large number of loanwords at different times , retaining their original spelling at varying levels .

The conventional symbol Z comes from the German word meaning number/numeral/figure , which prior to the modern synthesis of ideas from chemistry and physics , merely denoted an element 's numerical place in the periodic table .
Dmitri Mendeleev claimed he arranged his tables in order of atomic weight ( " Atomgewicht " ) However , in deference to the observed chemical properties , he violated his own rule and placed tellurium ( atomic weight 127.6 ) ahead of iodine ( atomic weight 126.9 ) .
The square root of the frequency of these photons ( x-rays ) increased from one target to the next in a linear fashion .

Anatomy ( from the Greek - anatemnō , " cut up , cut open " , from ἀνά - ana , " on , upon " , and τέμνω - temnō , " I cut " ) is a branch of biology and medicine that considers the structure of living things .
The history of anatomy has been characterized , over time , by a continually developing understanding of the functions of organ s and structures in the body .
( Non-P and non-Q designate the opposite propositions to P and Q. ) Symbolically : ( P ⇒ Q ) ⇔ ( non-Q ⇒ non-P ) The name affirming the consequent derives from the premise Q , which affirms the " then " clause of the conditional premise .
[[676]]
Andrei Arsenyevich Tarkovsky ( ; 4 April 1932 – 29 December 1986 ) was a Soviet and Russian filmmaker , writer , film editor , film theorist , theatre and opera director .
Tarkovsky spent his childhood in Yuryevets .
The early Khrushchev era offered unique opportunities for young film directors .
During his third year at the VGIK , Tarkovsky met Andrei Konchalovsky .
The film was presented at the Cannes Film Festival and won the Grand Prix Spécial du Jury and the FIPRESCI prize and was nominated for the Palme d'Or .
In the same year Tarkovsky also began the production of the film The First Day ( Russian : Первый День Pervyj Dyen ′ ) , based on a script by his friend and longterm collaborator Andrei Konchalovsky .
The film was set in 18th Century Russia during the reign of Peter the Great and starred Natalya Bondarchuk and Anatoli Papanov in the main roles .
Tarkovsky returned to Italy in 1980 for an extended trip during which he and Tonino Guerra completed the script for the film Nostalghia .
He did not return to his home country .
In the same year , he also staged the opera Boris Godunov at the Royal Opera House in London under the musical direction of Claudio Abbado .
He was also nominated for the Palme d'Or two times .
In 1987 , the British Academy of Film and Television Arts awarded the BAFTA Award for Best Foreign Language Film to The Sacrifice .
In 1996 the Andrei Tarkovsky Museum opened in Yuryevets , his childhood town .
Sokurov 's own work has been heavily influenced by Tarkovsky .
Ingmar Bergman was quoted as saying : " Tarkovsky for me is the greatest [ of us all ] , the one who invented a new language , true to the nature of film , as it captures life as a reflection , life as a dream " .
Tarkovsky was , according to Shavkat Abdusalmov , a fellow student at the film school , fascinated by Japanese films .
He was amazed by how every character on the screen is exceptional and how everyday events such as a Samurai cutting bread with his sword are elevated to something special and put into the limelight .
Tarkovsky would spend two days preparing for Yusov to film a single long take , and due to the preparation , usually only a single take was needed .
Sven Nykvist In his last film , The Sacrifice , Tarkovsky worked with cinematographer Sven Nykvist , who had worked closely with director Ingmar Bergman on many of Bergman 's films .
Ambiguity is a powerful tool of political science .
This is often due to a modifying expression , such as a prepositional phrase , the application of which is unclear . "
This could mean that you need EITHER ten dollars OR BOTH your voucher and your license .
How about a test drive ? "
The latter represents a choice between any number of possible interpretations , none of which may have a standard agreed-upon meaning .
Others may think he opposes only those taxes that he believes will hinder economic growth .
The logical fallacies of amphiboly and equivocation rely heavily on the use of ambiguous words and phrases .
In Continental philosophy ( particularly phenomenology and existentialism ) , there is much greater tolerance of ambiguity , as it is generally seen as an integral part of the human condition .
In literature and rhetoric , ambiguity can be a useful tool .
Ambiguity within Christianity ( and other religions ) is resisted by the conservatives and fundamentalists , who regard the concept as equating with ' contradiction ' .
Metonymy involves the use of the name of a subcomponent part as an abbreviation , or jargon , for the name of the whole object ( for example " wheels " to refer to a car , or " flowers " to refer to beautiful offspring , an entire plant , or a collection of blooming plants ) .
In modern vocabulary critical semiotics , metonymy encompasses any potentially ambiguous word substitution that is based on contextual contiguity ( located close together ) , or a function or process that an object performs , such as " sweet ride " to refer to a nice car .
The languages can be both spoken and written .
However , for various reasons , several lexical , syntactic and semantic ambiguities remain .
Until the last century , many editorials assumed that multiplication is performed first , for example , a/bc is interpreted as a / ( bc ) ; in this case , the insertion of parentheses is required when translating the formulas to an algorithmic language .
It may mean that the ratio of the output power of an electric or optical circuit to the input power should be doubled .
Mathematical interpretation of ambiguity In mathematics and logic , ambiguity can be considered to be an underdetermined system ( of equations or logic ) – for example , X = Y leaves open what the value of X is – while its opposite is a self-contradiction , also called inconsistency , paradoxicalness , or oxymoron , in an overdetermined system – such as X = 2 , X = 3 , which has no solution – see also underdetermination .
Some textbooks give the same name to the function and to its Fourier transform : Rigorously speaking , such an expression requires that ~ f = 0 ~ ; even if function ~ f ~ is a self-Fourier function , the expression should be written as ~ f ( \ omega ) = \ frac \ int f ( t ) \ exp ( i \ omega t ) t ; however , it is assumed that the shape of the function ( and even its norm \ int | f ( x ) | ^ 2 x ) depend on the character used to denote its argument .
The aardvark ( , Orycteropus afer ) is a medium-sized , burrowing , nocturnal mammal native to Africa .
The aardvark is not closely related to the South America n anteater , despite sharing some characteristics and a superficial resemblance .
The greatly elongated head is set on a short , thick neck , and the end of the snout bears a disc , which houses the nostrils .
The aardvark 's coat is thin , and the animal 's primary protection is its tough skin .
The teeth have no enamel coating and are worn away and regrow continuously .
They have been documented as high as in Ethiopia .
When a concentration of ants or termites is detected , the aardvark digs into it with its powerful front legs , keeping its long ears upright to listen for predators , and takes up an astonishing number of insects with its long , sticky tongue — as many as 50,000 in one night have been recorded .
Aside from digging out ants and termites , the aardvark also excavates burrows in which to live ; temporary sites are scattered around the home range as refuges , and a main burrow is used for breeding .
There may be a slight decrease in numbers in eastern , northern , and western Africa .
Aardwolfs are not fast runners nor are they particularly adept at fighting off predators .
The adult aardwolf was formerly assumed to forage in small groups , however more recent research has shown that they are primarily solitary foragers , necessary because of the scarcity and homogeneous distribution of their insect prey .
Breeding The breeding season varies depending on their location , but normally takes place during autumn or spring .
Gestation lasts between 90 and 110 days , producing one to five cubs ( most often two or three ) during the rainy season ( Nov-Dec ) , when termites are active .

The mixture is molded into a frame , and then the frame is removed after initial setting .
To do so , a sample of the soil is mixed into a clear container with some water , creating an almost completely saturated liquid .
After it is sealed , the container is shaken vigorously for at least one minute .
The building codes require the building sustain a 1 g lateral acceleration earthquake load .
The heaviest wooden beams are called Vigas which support smaller members called latias upon which brush is then laid atop which the adobe layer applied .
Adobe around the world The largest structure ever made from adobe ( bricks ) was the Bam Citadel , which suffered serious damage ( up to 80 % ) by an earthquake on December 26 , 2003 .
The adventure novel exhibits these " protagonist on adventurous journey " characteristics as do many popular feature films , such as Star Wars and Raiders of the Lost Ark .
Given its size and diversity , Asia – a toponym dating back to classical antiquity – " is more a cultural concept " incorporating diverse regions and peoples than a homogeneous physical entity .
It does not exactly correspond to the cultural borders of its various types of constituents .
For example , Sir Barry Cunliffe , the emeritus professor of European archeology at Oxford , argues that Europe has been geographically and culturally merely " the western excrescence of the continent of Asia " .
Etymology Asia was originally a concept of Western civilization .
English Asia can be traced through the formation of English literature to Latin literature , where it has the same form , Asia .
The poets detailed their doings and generations in allegoric language salted with entertaining stories , which subsequently playwrights transformed into classical Greek drama and became " Greek mythology . "
Prior to then in the Bronze Age the records of the Assyrian Empire , the Hittite Empire and the various Mycenaean states of Greece mention a region undoubtedly Asia , certainly in Anatolia , including if not identical to Lydia .
These records are administrative and do not include poetry .
This Aswia appears to have been a remnant of a region known to the Hittites as Assuwa , centered on Lydia , or " Roman Asia . "
Asia has extremely diverse climates and geographic features .
Southwestern sections of the continent are hot .
Economy Asia has the second largest nominal GDP of all continents , after Europe , but the largest when measured in purchasing power parity .
( NB : A number of supernational economies are larger , such as the European Union ( EU ) , the North American Free Trade Agreement ( NAFTA ) or APEC ) .
Several trade blocs exist , with the most developed being the Association of Southeast Asian Nations .
Afghanistan ( 155 ) ranked lowest amongst Asian countries out of the 169 countries assessed .
In the Philippines and East Timor , Roman Catholicism is the predominant religion ; it was introduced by the Spaniards and the Portuguese , respectively .
South Asia ( mainly Pakistan , India and Bangladesh ) holds 30 % of Muslims .
The Bahá ' í Faith originated in Asia , in Iran ( Persia ) , and spread from there to the Ottoman Empire , Central Asia , India , and Burma during the lifetime of Bahá ' u 'll áh .
Also , Mother Teresa of India and Shirin Ebadi of Iran were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for their significant and pioneering efforts for democracy and human rights , especially for the rights of women and children .
Other Asian Nobel Prize winners include Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar , Abdus Salam , Robert Aumann , Menachem Begin , Aaron Ciechanover , Avram Hershko , Daniel Kahneman , Shimon Peres , Yitzhak Rabin , Ada Yonath , Yasser Arafat , José Ramos-Horta and Bishop Carlos Filipe Ximenes Belo of Timor Leste , Kim Dae-jung , and 13 Japanese scientists .
Most of the said awardees are from Japan and Israel except for Chandrasekhar and Raman ( India ) , Salam ( Pakistan ) , Arafat ( Palestinian Territories ) Kim ( South Korea ) , Horta and Belo ( Timor Leste ) .
Collectively , Aruba and the other Dutch islands in the Antilles are commonly referred to as the Netherlands Antilles or the Dutch Antilles .
Aruba has no administrative subdivisions , but , for census purposes , is divided into eight regions .
Both described Aruba as an " island of giants " , remarking on the comparatively large stature of the native Caquetíos compared to Europeans .
Gold was not discovered on Aruba , however , for another 300 years .
Stuyvesant was on a special mission in Aruba in November and December 1642 .
In March 1944 , Eleanor Roosevelt , the First Lady of the United States , briefly visited American troops stationed in Aruba .
On 1 January 1986 , after elections were held for its first parliament , Aruba seceded from the Netherlands Antilles ; it officially became a country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands .
It was a popular tourist destination until its collapse in 2005 .
Recently there has been substantial immigration to the island from neighboring American and Caribbean nations , possibly attracted by the higher paid jobs .
Many of Aruba 's families are descended from Venezuelan immigrants .
The book The Buccaneers of America , first published in 1678 , states through eyewitness account that the Indians on Aruba spoke " Spanish " .
Aruba has four newspapers published in Papiamento : Diario , Bon Dia , Solo di Pueblo and Awe Mainta ; and two in English : Aruba Today and The News .
Amigoe is the newspaper published in Dutch .
Aruba also has 18 radio stations ( two AM and 16 FM ) and three local television stations ( Tele-Aruba , Aruba Broadcast Company and Channel 22 ) .
As they share the same Dutch citizenship , these four countries still also share the Dutch passport as the Kingdom of the Netherlands passport .
Instead of juries or grand juries , in Aruba , legal jurisdiction lies with the Gerecht in Eerste Aanleg ( Court of First Instance ) on Aruba , the Gemeenschappelijk Hof van Justitie van Aruba , Curaçao , Sint Maarten en van Bonaire , Sint Eustatius en Saba ( Joint Court of Justice of Aruba , Curaçao , Sint Maarten , and of Bonaire , Sint Eustatius and Saba ) and the Hoge Raad der Nederlanden ( Supreme Court of Justice of the Netherlands ) .
A 3 % tax has been introduced on sales and services , while income taxes have been lowered and revenue taxes for business reduced by 20 % .
Foreign military In 1999 , the U.S. Department of Defense established a Forward Operating Location ( FOL ) at the airport .
Culture On 18 March Aruba celebrates its National Day .
According to the Aruba Airport Authority , almost 1.7 million travelers used the airport in 2005 , of which 61 % were Americans .
Digicel is the Setar competitor in wireless technology using the GSM platform .
Its drafting by the Continental Congress began in mid-1776 , and an approved version was sent to the states for ratification in late 1777 .
Nevertheless , the weak government created by the Articles became a matter of concern for key nationalists .
Without such a declaration , Paine concluded , “ [ t ] he custom of all courts is against us , and will be so , until , by an independence , we take rank with other nations .
The final draft of the Articles was prepared in the summer of 1777 and the Second Continental Congress approved them for ratification by the individual states on November 15 , 1777 , after a year of debate .
The first state to ratify was Virginia on December 16 , 1777 .
The Articles provided for a blanket acceptance of Province of Quebec ( referred to as " Canada " in the Articles ) into the United States if it chose to do so .
Article summaries Even though the Articles of Confederation and the Constitution were established by many of the same people , the two documents are very different .
The preamble states that the signatory states " agree to certain articles of Confederation and perpetual Union " between the 13 states .
In this treaty — which was never ratified due to its immense unpopularity — the United States was to give up rights to use the Mississippi River for 25 years , which would have economically strangled the settlers west of the Appalachian Mountains .
Some States paid off their war debts and others did not .
Accomplishments of the Confederation Nevertheless , the Confederation Congress did take two actions with long lasting impact .
Political unrest in several states and efforts by debtors to use popular government to erase their debts increased the anxiety of the political and economic elites which had led the Revolution .
When Adams went to London in 1785 as the first representative of the United States , he found it impossible to secure a treaty for unrestricted commerce .
Signatures The Second Continental Congress approved the Articles for distribution to the states on November 15 , 1777 .
A copy was made for each state and one was kept by the Congress .
Many participants in the original debates were no longer delegates , and some of the signers had only recently arrived .
John Dickinson ( Delaware ) , Daniel Carroll ( Maryland ) and Gouverneur Morris ( New York ) , along with Sherman and Robert Morris , were the only five people to sign both the Articles of Confederation and the United States Constitution ( Gouverneur Morris represented Pennsylvania when signing the Constitution ) .
The lack of compulsory direct taxation power was objectionable to those wanting a strong centralized state or expecting to benefit from such power .
In particular , holders of war scrip and land speculators wanted a central government to pay off scrip at face value and to legalize western land holdings with disputed claims .
By that date , 11 of the 13 states had ratified the new Constitution .



[[698]]
The " Black Atlantic " refers to the role of this ocean in shaping black people 's history , not least in diasporas .
The depth of water at the apex of the ridge is less than in most places , while the bottom of the ridge is three times as deep .
Several peaks rise above the water and form islands .
Evaporation , precipitation , river inflow and sea ice melting influence surface salinity values .
In general , winds transport moisture and air over land areas .
History The Atlantic Ocean appears to be the second youngest of the five oceans .
Eel , lobster , and whale s appear in great quantities .
The Atlantic has irregular coasts indented by numerous bays , gulfs , and seas .
She asked for damages , alleging that Schopenhauer had pushed her .
Her companion testified that she saw Marquet prostrate outside his apartment .
Schopenhauer , a reader of both Kant and Hegel , criticized their logical optimism and the belief that individual morality could be determined by society and reason .
This idealism so presented , immediately commits it to an ethical attitude , unlike the purely epistemological concerns of Descartes and Berkeley .
Aesthetic contemplation allows one to escape this pain — albeit temporarily — because it stops one perceiving the world as mere presentation .
From this immersion with the world one no longer views oneself as an individual who suffers in the world due to one 's individual will but , rather , becomes a " subject of cognition " to a perception that is " Pure , will-less , timeless " ( section 34 ) where the essence , " ideas , " of the world are shown .
Music , for Schopenhauer , was the purest form of art because it was the one that depicted the will itself without it appearing as subject to the Principle of Sufficient Grounds , therefore as an individual object .
Schopenhauer believed most of our deeds belong to this class .
Our actions are necessary and determined because " every human being , even every animal , after the motive has appeared , must carry out the action which alone is in accordance with his inborn and immutable character . "
Schopenhauer shared the view of Thomas Hobbes on the necessity of the state , and of state action , to check the destructive tendencies innate to our species .
Schopenhauer 's biological analysis of the difference between the sexes , and their separate roles in the struggle for survival and reproduction , anticipates some of the claims that were later ventured by sociobiologists and evolutionary psychologists .
Schopenhauer was first introduced to the 1802 Latin Upanishad translation through Friedrich Majer .
Most noticeable , in the case of Schopenhauer ’s work , was the significance of the Chandogya Upanishad , whose Mahavakya , Tat Tvam Asi is mentioned throughout The World as Will and Representation .
Proof of early interest and influence appears in Schopenhauer 's 1815/16 notes ( transcribed and translated by Urs App ) about Buddhism .
He summarised the influence of the Upanishads thus : " It has been the solace of my life , it will be the solace of my death ! "
Other commentators suggest that Schopenhauer considered will to be only a subset of the " thing-in-itself " class , namely that which we can most directly experience .
Schopenhauer 's identification of the Kantian noumenon ( i.e. , the actually existing entity ) with what he termed " will " deserves some explanation .
Our ability to control either is limited .
We can not prove that our mental picture of an outside world corresponds with a reality by reasoning ; through will , we know – without thinking – that the world can stimulate us .
It is for this reason that Schopenhauer identifies the noumenon with what we call our will .
Critique of Hegel Schopenhauer expressed his dislike for the philosophy of his contemporary Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel many times in his published works .
[[701]]
After independence , Angola was the scene of an intense civil war from 1975 to 2002 .
Angola is considered to be economically disparate , with the majority of the nation 's wealth concentrated in a disproportionately small sector of the population .
The Portuguese would establish several settlements , forts and trading posts along the coastal strip of current-day Angola , which relied on slave trade , commerce in raw materials , and exchange of goods for survival .
Although the political situation of the country began to stabilize , President Dos Santos has so far refused to institute regular democratic processes , UNITA head officials being given senior positions in top level companies .
For decades , political power has been concentrated in the Presidency .
Its reaction was to operate a number of changes without substantially changing its character .
Military The Angolan Armed Forces ( AAF ) is headed by a Chief of Staff who reports to the Minister of Defense .
A small number of AAF personnel are stationed in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( Kinshasa ) and the Republic of the Congo ( Brazzaville ) .
Cabinda 's petroleum production from its considerable offshore reserves now accounts for more than half of Angola 's output .
While a reasonable road infrastructure has existed within Angola , time and the war have taken their toll on the road surfaces , leaving many severely potholed , littered with broken asphalt .
Geography At , Angola is the world 's twenty-third largest country ( after Niger ) .
Angola is bordered by Namibia to the south , Zambia to the east , the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north-east , and the South Atlantic Ocean to the west .
It has two seasons ; dry season ( May to October ) and hot rainy season ( November to April ) .
China is Angola 's biggest trade partner and export destination as well as the fourth-largest importer .
In the Human Development Index Angola constantly ranks in the bottom group .
The population is forecast to grow to over 47 million people to 2060 , nearly tripling the estimated 16 to 18 million in 2011 .
As of 2008 there were an estimated 400,000 DRC migrant workers , at least 30,000 Portuguese , and about 259,000 Chinese living in Angola .
Since 2003 , more than 400,000 Congolese migrants have been expelled from Angola .
This means , of course , that Portuguese as the overall language of communication is by now of paramount importance , and that the role of the African languages is steadily decreasing among the urban population — a trend which is beginning to spread into rural areas as well .
The exact numbers of those fluent in Portuguese or who speak Portuguese as a first language are unknown , although a census is expected to be carried out in July – August 2013 .
Since independence , hundreds of Pentecostal and similar communities have sprung up in the cities , where by now about 50 % of the population is living ; several of these communities/churches are of Brazilian origin .
In 2011 , according to the Islamic Community of Angola ( Comunidade Islâmica de Angola , COIA ) there were more than 80 mosques serving about 500,000 Muslims in Angola , and the number was growing .
Students are often responsible for paying additional school-related expenses , including fees for books and supplies .
82.9 % of males and 54.2 % of women are literate as of 2001 .
In 2006 , one out of 221 people were Jehovah 's Witnesses .
The Population Departement of the United Nations prepared the following estimates .
There are food and waterborne diseases , bacterial and protozoal diarrhea , hepatitis A , and typhoid fever ; vectorborne diseases , malaria , African trypanosomiasis ( sleeping sickness ) ; respiratory disease : meningococcal meningitis , and schistosomiasis , a water contact disease , as of 2005 .
[[705]]
The legal system was based on Portuguese and customary law but was weak and fragmented .
Daily conditions of life throughout the country and specifically Luanda ( population approximately 4 million ) mirror the collapse of administrative infrastructure as well as many social institutions .
The elections however have been described as only partly free but certainly not fair .
These elections were the first since 1992 .
Presidential elections are planned for 2009 .

It is still recovering from the Angolan Civil War that plagued Angola from independence in 1975 until 2002 .
The Portuguese started to develop townships , trading posts , logging camps and small processing factories .
From 1764 onwards , there was a gradual change from a slave-based society to one based on production for domestic consumption and export .
Meanwhile , with the independence of Brazil in 1822 , the slave trade was abolished in 1836 , and in 1844 Angola 's ports were opened to foreign shipping .
After independence from Portugal in 1975 , Angola was ravaged by a horrific civil war between 1975 and 2002 .
Angola ranked 160 out of 174 nations in the United Nations Human Development Index of 2000 .
Oil production and the supporting activities are vital to the economy , contributing about 45 % to GDP and 90 % of exports .
The rest of its petroleum exports go to Europe and Latin America .
Block Zero provides the majority of Angola 's crude oil production with produced annually .
[[708]]
Highways Travel on highways outside of towns and cities in Angola ( and in some cases within ) is often not best advised for those without four-by-four vehicles .
There is an international airport at Luanda .
( 2007 ) .
A presence during the unrest in Côte d'Ivoire , 2010 – 2011 , were not officially confirmed .
From the early 1990s to the present the Angolan Navy has shrunk from around 4 200 personnel to around 1 000 , resulting in the loss of skills and expertise needed to maintain equipment .
Since 1998 , Angola has successfully worked with the United Nations Security Council to impose and carry out sanctions on UNITA .
Congo and Angola have agreed to suspend expulsions from both sides of the border , " said Lambert Mende , DR Congo information minister , in October 2009 . "
Europe Bulgaria Denmark France Relations between the two countries have not always been cordial due to the former French government 's policy of supporting militant separatists in Angola 's Cabinda province and the international Angolagate scandal embarrassed both governments by exposing corruption and illicit arms deals .
Following French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's visit in 2008 , relations have improved .
Latin America Argentina Brazil Commercial and economic ties dominate the relations of each country .
In February 2006 , Angola surpassed Saudi Arabia to become the number one supplier of oil to China .

His father was a native of Salisbury , Connecticut .
Johnston managed to convince a few volunteers to stay and fight as he himself served as the inspector general of volunteers and fought at the battles of Monterrey and Buena Vista .
Their impolitic occupation of Columbus , Kentucky on September 3 , 1861 , two days before Johnston arrived in the Confederacy 's capital , Richmond , Virginia , after his cross – country journey , drove Kentucky from its stated neutrality and the majority of Kentuckians into the Union camp .
While Crittenden was away in Richmond , Zollicoffer moved his forces to the north bank of the upper Cumberland River near Mill Springs ( now Nancy , Kentucky ) , putting the river to his back and his forces into a trap .
After Johnston asserted his authority , Polk ultimately had to allow Dixon to proceed .
Johnston accepted the recommendations .
Tilghman also failed to act decisively on these orders , which in any event were now too late to be adequately carried out .
On February 6 , 1862 , Union Navy gunboats quickly reduced the defenses of ill-sited Fort Henry , inflicting 21 casualties on the small remaining Confederate force .
Johnston himself retreated with the force under his personal command , the Army of Central Kentucky , from the vicinity of Nashville .
Johnston kept the Union forces , now under the overall command of the ponderous Maj. Gen. Henry Halleck , confused and hesitant to move , allowing Johnston to reach his objective undetected .
It is probable that a Confederate soldier fired the fatal round .
The University of Texas at Austin has also recognized Johnston with a statue on the South Mall .
[[713]]
Projects Japan The Intelligent Robotics Lab , directed by Hiroshi Ishiguro at Osaka University , and Kokoro Co. , Ltd. have demonstrated the Actroid at Expo 2005 in Aichi Prefecture , Japan .
DER2 can not only change its expression but also move its hands and feet and twist its body .
Now Saya is working at the Science University of Tokyo as a guide .
It uses a driving system with a 3DOF unit .
Hanson Robotics , Inc. , of Texas and KAIST produced an android portrait of Albert Einstein , using Hanson 's facial android technology mounted on KAIST 's life-size walking bipedal robot body .
The intention was that she would have to learn everything , including how to use her mechanical vocal chord s to speak .
Android hunter Deckard in Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
Female androids , or " gynoid s " , are often seen in science fiction , and can be viewed as a continuation of the long tradition of men attempting to create the stereotypical " perfect woman " .
Calgary and Edmonton centre Alberta 's two census metropolitan area s , both of which have populations exceeding 1 million , while the province has 16 census agglomerations .
There are numerous rivers and lakes used for swimming , fishing and a range of water sports .
The southern quarter of the province is prairie , ranging from shortgrass prairie in the southeastern corner to mixed grass prairie in an arc to the west and north of it .
In the summer , continental air masses produce maximum temperatures from in the mountains to in southern Alberta .
In the summer , the average daytime temperatures range from around in the Rocky Mountain valleys and far north , up to around in the dry prairie of the southeast .
The south and central prairie was the land of the bison , commonly known as buffalo , its grasses providing pasture and breeding ground for millions of buffalo .
Alberta is home to only one variety of venomous snake , the prairie rattlesnake .
Central and northern Alberta and the region farther north is the nesting ground of many migratory birds .
The stratigraphy of the Judith River Group has a confusing history due partly to the use of the Montana - Alberta border as an artificial division between equivalent strata .
Dinosaur-bearing strata are distributed widely throughout Alberta .
In the Drumheller Valley and Edmonton regions there are exposed Horseshoe Canyon facies .
Roderick Mackenzie built Fort Chipewyan on Lake Athabasca ten years later in 1788 .
The 2006 census found that English , with 2,576,670 native speakers , was the most common mother tongue of Albertans , representing 79.99 % of the province 's population .
In line with the rest of Canada , many immigrants originated from England , Scotland , Ireland and Wales , but large numbers also came from other parts of Europe , notably Germans , French , Ukrainians and Scandinavia ns .
Aboriginal Identity Peoples make up 5.8 % of the population , about half of whom consist of North American Indians and the other half are Metis .
Municipalities Economy Alberta 's economy is one of the strongest in Canada , supported by the burgeoning petroleum industry and to a lesser extent , agriculture and technology .
The province has over three million head of cattle , and Alberta beef has a healthy worldwide market .
The two mountain parks are connected by the scenic Icefields Parkway .
About 700,000 people enjoy Edmonton 's K-Days ( formerly Klondike Days and Capital EX ) .
Located in east-central Alberta is Alberta Prairie Railway Excursions , a popular tourist attraction operated out of Stettler .
Alberta has traditionally had three political parties , the Progressive Conservatives ( " Conservatives " or " Tories " ) , the Liberals , and the social democratic New Democrats .
The exceptions to market value assessment are farmland , railways , machinery & equipment and linear property , all of which is assessed by regulated rates .
Alberta has two main east-west corridors .
The highway connects many of the smaller towns in central Alberta with Calgary and Edmonton , as it crosses Highway 2 just west of Red Deer .
Urban stretches of Alberta 's major highways and freeways are often called trails .
Edmonton LRT , which is underground in the downtown core and on the surface outside of it , was the first of the modern generation of light rail systems to be built in North America , while the Calgary C-Train has one of the highest number of daily riders of any LRT system in North America .
Alberta is well-connected by air , with international airport s in both Calgary and Edmonton .
Edmonton 's airport acts as a hub for the Canadian north and has connections to all major Canadian airports as well as 10 major US airports , 3 European airports and 6 Mexican and Caribbean airports .
Alberta 's health care budget is currently $ 13.2 billion during the 2008 – 2009 fiscal year ( approximately 36 % of all government spending ) , making it the best funded health care system per-capita in Canada .
In 1994 the government of the province eliminated this right for public school boards , but not for separate school boards .
The provincial government pools the property tax funds from across the province and distributes them , according to a formula , to public and separate school jurisdictions and Francophone authorities .
Universities The University of Alberta , established in Edmonton in 1908 , is Alberta 's oldest and largest university .
In line with the western tradition of rodeo are the cultural artisans that reside and create unique Alberta western heritage crafts .
In 2012 , it is the parallel of latitude that runs north of the Equator .
On the Arctic Circle those events occur , in principle , exactly once per year , at the June and December solstice s , respectively .
The Arctic Circle passes through the Arctic Ocean , the Scandinavian Peninsula , North Asia , Northern America and Greenland .
The main features of a typical ray-finned fish are shown in the diagram at the left .
Remains have been found in Russia , Sweden , and Estonia .
Notes External links

On the eve of World War II , he helped alert President Franklin D. Roosevelt that Germany might be developing an atomic weapon and recommended that the U.S. begin similar research ; this eventually led to what would become the Manhattan Project .
Einstein published more than 300 scientific papers along with over 150 non-scientific works .
Biography Early life and education Albert Einstein was born in Ulm , in the Kingdom of Württemberg in the German Empire on 14 March 1879 .
His father was Hermann Einstein , a salesman and engineer .
He later wrote that the spirit of learning and creative thought were lost in strict rote learning .
On the advice of the Principal of the Polytechnic , he attended the Aargau Cantonal School in Aarau , Switzerland , in 1895 – 96 to complete his secondary schooling .
Einstein 's future wife , Mileva Marić , also enrolled at the Polytechnic that same year , the only woman among the six students in the mathematics and physics section of the teaching diploma course .
Einstein and Marić married in January 1903 .
In 1933 , they emigrated to the United States .
In 1935 , Elsa Einstein was diagnosed with heart and kidney problems and died in December 1936 .
Academic career In 1901 , his paper " Folgerungen aus den Capillaritätserscheinungen " ( " Conclusions from the Capillarity Phenomena " ) was published in the prestigious Annalen der Physik .
Einstein later gave his impressions of the Japanese in a letter to his sons : " Of all the people I have met , I like the Japanese most , as they are modest , intelligent , considerate , and have a feel for art . "
He resided in Belgium for some months , before temporarily living in England .
His affiliation with the Institute for Advance Studies would last until his death in 1955 .
He was one of the four first selected ( two of the others being John von Neumann and Kurt Gödel ) at the new Institute , where he soon developed a close friendship with Gödel .
Einstein and Szilárd , along with other refugees such as Edward Teller and Eugene Wigner , " regarded it as their responsibility to alert Americans to the possibility that German scientists might win the race to build an atomic bomb , and to warn that Hitler would be more than willing to resort to such a weapon . "
Einstein refused surgery , saying : " I want to go when I want .
In his lecture at Einstein 's memorial , nuclear physicist Robert Oppenheimer summarized his impression of him as a person : " He was almost wholly without sophistication and wholly without worldliness ... There was always with him a wonderful purity at once childlike and profoundly stubborn . "
The four papers are : Thermodynamic fluctuations and statistical physics Albert Einstein 's first paper submitted in 1900 to Annalen der Physik was on capillary attraction .
Quantized atomic vibrations In 1907 Einstein proposed a model of matter where each atom in a lattice structure is an independent harmonic oscillator .
He formulated an argument that led him to conclude that a general relativistic field theory is impossible .
He gave up looking for fully generally covariant tensor equations , and searched for equations that would be invariant under general linear transformations only .
Simultaneously less elegant and more difficult than general relativity , after more than two years of intensive work Einstein abandoned the theory in November 1915 after realizing that the hole argument was mistaken .
To fix this , Einstein modified the general theory by introducing a new notion , the cosmological constant .
The energy and momentum derived within general relativity by Noether 's presecriptions do not make a real tensor for this reason .
In his pursuit of a unification of the fundamental forces , Einstein ignored some mainstream developments in physics , most notably the strong and weak nuclear force s , which were not well understood until many years after his death .
So Einstein proposed that the path of a singular solution , like a black hole , would be determined to be a geodesic from general relativity itself .
This was established by Einstein , Infeld , and Hoffmann for pointlike objects without angular momentum , and by Roy Kerr for spinning objects .
Einstein refrigerator In 1926 , Einstein and his former student Leó Szilárd co-invented ( and in 1930 , patented ) the Einstein refrigerator .
Their debates are remembered because of their importance to the philosophy of science .
Love of music Einstein developed an appreciation of music at an early age .
According to conductor Leon Botstein , Einstein is said to have begun playing when he was five , but did not enjoy it at that age .
Always I am mistaken for Professor Einstein . "

Al-Biruni referred to them in the 11th century as various tribes living on the western frontier mountains of the Indus River , which would be the Sulaiman Mountains .
Ibn Battuta , a famous Moroccan scholar visiting the region in 1333 , writes : One prominent 16th-century Persian scholar explains extensively about the Afghans .
Geography A landlocked mountainous country with plains in the north and southwest , Afghanistan is described as being located within South Asia or Central Asia .
Despite having numerous rivers and reservoirs , large parts of the country are dry .
Aside from the usual rain falls , Afghanistan receives snow during winter in the Hindu Kush and Pamir Mountains , and the melting snow in the spring season enters the rivers , lakes , and streams .
Urban civilization is believed to have begun as early as 3000 BCE , and the early city of Mundigak ( near Kandahar in the south of the country ) may have been a colony of the nearby Indus Valley Civilization .
The Hephthalites were defeated by Khosrau I in CE 557 , who re-established Sassanid power in Persia .
Two of the four capitals of Khorasan ( Herat and Balkh ) are now located in Afghanistan , while the regions of Kandahar , Zabulistan , Ghazni , Kabulistan and Afghanistan formed the frontier between Khorasan and Hindustan .
The Zunbil and Kabul Shahi were defeated in 870 AD by the Saffarid Muslims of Zaranj .
By the 11th century Sultan Mahmud of Ghazni had finally Islamized all of the remaining non-Muslim areas , with the exception of the Kafiristan region .
The Ghaznavids were replaced by the Ghurids who expanded and advanced the already powerful empire .
The destruction caused by the Mongols depopulated major cities and forced many of the locals to revert to an agrarian rural society .
Babur , a descendant of both Timur and Genghis Khan , arrived from Fergana and captured Kabul from the Arghun dynasty , and from there he began to seize control of the central and eastern territories of Afghanistan .
The armies were sent by Sultan Husayn , the Shah in Isfahan ( now Iran ) , to re-take control of the Kandahar region .
The Afghan Empire was under threat in the early 19th century by the Persians in the west and the Sikhs in the east .
After his death , they rebelled and divided up the provinces of the empire between themselves .
In 1837 , Akbar Khan and the Afghan army crossed the Khyber Pass to defeat the Sikhs at the Battle of Jamrud , killing Hari Singh Nalwa before retreating to Kabul .
After the Third Anglo-Afghan War and the signing of the Treaty of Rawalpindi in 1919 , King Amanullah Khan declared Afghanistan a sovereign and fully independent state .
By mid-1979 , the United States had started a covert program to assist the mujahideen .
Soviet troops were deployed to stabilize Afghanistan under Karmal in more substantial numbers , although the Soviet government did not expect to do most of the fighting in Afghanistan .
American politicians , Republicans and Democrats alike , feared the Soviets were positioning themselves for a takeover of Middle East ern oil .
The Reagan administration increased arming and funding of the mujahideen as part of the Reagan Doctrine , thanks in large part to the efforts of Charlie Wilson and CIA officer Gust Avrakotos .
According to Human Rights Watch : Gulbuddin Hekmatyar received operational , financial and military support from Pakistan .
Saudi Arabia supported the Wahhabite Abdul Rasul Sayyaf and his Ittihad-i Islami faction .
In late 1994 , most of the militia factions ( Hezb-i Islami , Junbish-i Milli and Hezb-i Wahdat ) which had been fighting in the battle for control of Kabul were defeated militarily by forces of the Islamic State 's Minister of Defense Ahmad Shah Massoud .
Courts started to work again .
The United Front included beside the dominantly Tajik forces of Massoud and the Uzbek forces of Dostum , Hazara factions under the command of leaders such as Haji Mohammad Mohaqiq and Pashtun forces under the leadership of commanders such as Abdul Haq or Haji Abdul Qadir .
Human Rights Watch cites no human rights crimes for the forces under direct control of Massoud for the period from October 1996 until the assassination of Massoud in September 2001 .
Recent history ( 2002 – present ) While the Taliban began regrouping inside Pakistan , more coalition troops entered the escalating US-led war .
According to a report by the United Nations , the Taliban and other militants were responsible for 76 % of civilian casualties in 2009 , 75 % in 2010 , 80 % in 2011 , 80 % in 2012 .
Governance Afghanistan is an Islamic republic consisting of three branches , executive , legislative and judicial .
The Supreme Court is led by Chief Justice Abdul Salam Azimi , a former university professor who had been a legal advisor to the president .
A number of government ministries are believed to be rife with corruption , and while President Karzai vowed to tackle the problem in late 2009 by stating that " individuals who are involved in corruption will have no place in the government " , top government officials were stealing and misusing hundreds of millions of dollars through the Kabul Bank .
Each district is represented by a district governor .
According to article 140 of the constitution and the presidential decree on electoral law , mayor s of cities should be elected through free and direct elections for a four-year term .
The following is a list of all the 34 provinces in alphabetical order : Foreign relations and military The Afghan Ministry of Foreign Affairs is responsible for managing the foreign relations of Afghanistan .
Afghan officials often allege that Pakistani and Iranian intelligence agencies are involved in terrorist attacks inside Afghanistan , by training and guiding terrorists to carry out attacks .
There are also military ties between Afghanistan and India , which is expected to increase after the October 2011 strategic pact that was signed by President Karzai and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .
Crime and law enforcement The National Directorate of Security ( NDS ) is the nation 's domestic intelligence agency , which operates similar to that of the United States Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) and has between 15,000 to 30,000 employees .
The nation also has about 126,000 national police officers , with plans to recruit more so that the total number can reach 160,000 .
Former Interior Minister Hanif Atmar said that security officials from the U.S. ( FBI ) , Britain ( Scotland Yard ) and the European Union will train prosecutors in the unit .
Every year many Afghan police officers are killed in the line of duty in these areas .
The Afghan Ministry of Counter Narcotics is dealing with this problem .
Since 2003 , over 16 new banks have opened in the country , including Afghanistan International Bank , Kabul Bank , Azizi Bank , Pashtany Bank , Standard Chartered Bank , First Micro Finance Bank , and others .
Other reports show that the country has huge amounts of lithium , copper , gold , coal , iron ore and other minerals .
Health According to the Human Development Index , Afghanistan is the 15th least developed country in the world .
The country currently has more than 3,000 midwives with an additional 300 to 400 being trained each year .
Latest surveys show that 57 % of Afghans say they have good or very good access to clinics or hospitals .
Non-governmental charities such as Save the Children and Mahboba 's Promise assist orphans in association with governmental structures .
The United States is building six faculties of education and five provincial teacher training colleges around the country , two large secondary schools in Kabul and one school in Jalalabad .
Both are Indo-European languages from the Iranian languages sub-family .
The two famous Buddhas of Bamiyan were destroyed by the Taliban , who regarded them as idolatrous .
The National Museum of Afghanistan is located in Kabul .
Although literacy level is low , classic Persian and Pashto poetry play an important role in the Afghan culture .
Freedom of expression and the press is promoted in the 2004 constitution and censorship is banned , though defaming individuals or producing material contrary to the principles of Islam is prohibited .
The country also has a national team in the sport of futsal , a 5-a-side variation of football .
More recently the under-19 team played in the 2012 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup .
The Albanian capital , Tirana , is home to 421,286 of the country 's 2,831,741 people .
The word is considered to be a metathesis from the word Arvanite , which was the Medieval Greek name for the Albanians .
History The history of Albania emerged from the prehistoric stage from the 4th century BC , with early records of Illyria in Greco-Roman historiography .
Mainly Catholics converted in the 17th century , while the Orthodox Albanians followed suit mainly in the following century .
Also during this period , because of the monopolised socialist economy , Albania was the only country in the world that did not impose any tax on its people .
Hundreds of mosques and dozens of Islamic libraries — containing priceless manuscripts — were destroyed .
The Communists retained a stronghold in parliament after popular support in the elections of 1991 .
The Euro-Atlantic integration of Albania has been the ultimate goal of the post-communist governments .
The People 's Assembly must give final approval of the composition of the Council .
The Assembly has the power to decide the direction of domestic and foreign policy ; approve or amend the constitution ; declare war on another state ; ratify or annul international treaties ; elect the President of the Republic , the Supreme Court , and the Attorney General and his or her deputies ; and control the activity of state radio and television , state news agency and other official information media .
These counties include 36 districts ( ) and 373 municipalities ( ) .
Albania 's coastline length is and extends along the Adriatic and Ionian Sea s. The lowlands of the west face the Adriatic Sea .
The climate on the coast is typically Mediterranean with mild , wet winters and warm , sunny , and rather dry summers .
Besides the capital city of Tirana , which has 800,000 inhabitants , the principal cities are Durrës , Korçë , Elbasan , Shkodër , Gjirokastër , Vlorë and Kukës .
When there is a dominant continental air mass , cold air spills onto the lowland areas , which occurs most frequently in the winter .
Flora and fauna Although a small country , Albania is distinguished for its rich biological diversity .
Among these there are over 350 bird species , 330 freshwater and marine fish and 80 mammal species .
There are some 91 globally threatened species found within the country , among which the Dalmatian pelican , Pygmy cormorant , and the European sea sturgeon .
The Albanian forests still maintain significant communities of large mammals such as the brown bear , gray wolf , chamois and wild boar .
During 1960 – 1978 , several airlines ceased to operate in Albania due to the impact of the politics , resulting in a decrease of influx of flights and passengers .
Greek representatives part of the Albanian parliament and government invited their co-ethnics to register as the only way to improve their status .
The Greek government , it is typically claimed , says that there are around 300,000 ethnic Greeks in Albania , but most western estimates are around 200,000 mark ( although EEN puts the number at a probable 100,000 ) .
At this point , they were already fully Christianised .
Albania never had an official state religion either as a republic or as a kingdom .
VUSh organizes marches in Tirana including one against blood feuds in 2010 .
Following decades of communist repression , The Albanian Mission of Seventh-day Adventists < was re-established in Tirana in 1992 and has now over 10 churches and groups throughout the country .
Albanian folk songs can be divided into major groups , the heroic epics of the north , and the sweetly melodic lullabies , love songs , wedding music , work song s and other kinds of song .
Lullabies and vajtim s are very important kinds of Albanian folk song , and are generally performed by solo women .
Likewise , Albanian has taken the old relative jos and innovatively used it exclusively to qualify adjectives , much in the way Balto-Slavic has used this word to provide the definite ending of adjectives .
When the People 's Republic was established in 1945 , the Party gave high priority to wiping out illiteracy .
With large population movements in the 1990s to urban areas , the provision of education has undergone transformation as well .
Entertainment Radio Televizioni Shqiptar ( RTSH ) is the public radio and TV broadcaster of Albania , founded in 1938 in Tirana .
The most common causes of death are circulatory disease followed by cancerous illnesses .
In 1995 there were two reported cases of AIDS and seven cases in 1996 .
Biblical Hebrew mostly uses the plural form ( but functional singular ) Elohim .
The name was previously used by pagan Mecca ns as a reference to a creator deity , possibly the supreme deity in pre-Islamic Arabia .
There are both similarities and differences between the concept of God as portrayed in the Quran and the Hebrew Bible .
Meccans held that a kind of kinship existed between Allah and the jinn .
Most Muslims use the untranslated Arabic phrase Insha'Allah ( meaning ' if God wills ' ) after references to future events .
Pre-Islamic pagan Arabs believed in a blind , powerful , inexorable and insensible fate over which man had no control .
Languages which may not commonly use the term Allah to denote God may still contain popular expressions which use the word .
Malaysian and Indonesian language Christians in Indonesia and Malaysia also use Allah to refer to God in the Malaysian language and Indonesian language ( both languages forms of the Malay language which is referred to as Bahasa Melayu ) .

[[742]]
The exclave of Nakhchivan is bounded by Armenia to the north and east , Iran to the south and west , while having a short borderline with Turkey to the northwest .
A member of the United Nations since 1992 , Azerbaijan was elected to membership in the newly established Human Rights Council by the United Nations General Assembly on May 9 , 2006 ( the term of office began on June 19 , 2006 ) .
The country is also a member of the OSCE , the Council of Europe , and the NATO Partnership for Peace ( PfP ) program .
The original etymology of this name is thought to have its roots in the once-dominant Zoroastrian religion .
The Romans also settled in the area during the time of the Roman empire .
The next ruling state of the Jalayirids was short-lived and fell under the conquests of Timur .
The khanates exercised control over their affairs via international trade routes between Central Asia and the West .
Engaged in constant warfare , these khanates were eventually incorporated into the Russian Empire in 1813 , following the two Russo-Persian Wars .
Vladimir Lenin said that the invasion was justified as Soviet Russia could not survive without Baku 's oil .
Operation Edelweiss carried out by the German Wehrmacht targeted Baku because of its importance as the energy ( petroleum ) dynamo of the USSR .
The territory of Azerbaijan extends from north to south , and from west to east .
This is particularly evidenced by remnants of ancient rivers found throughout the country .
Only 24 rivers are over 100 kilometers long .
Azerbaijan 's flora consists of more than 4,500 species of higher plants .
The administrative department is not a part of the president 's office but manages the financial , technical and pecuniary activities of both the president and his office .
The most recent country to recognize Azerbaijan was Bahrain , on November 6 , 1996 .
Azerbaijan has diplomatic relations with 158 countries so far and holds membership in 38 international organizations .
The term of office began on 19 June 2006 .
Azerbaijan is an active member of NATO 's Partnership for Peace program .
Administrative divisions Azerbaijan is divided into 10 economic regions ; 66 rayons ( rayonlar , singular rayon ) and 77 cities ( şəhərlər , singular şəhər ) of which 11 are under the direct authority of the republic .
Azerbaijan shows some signs of the so-called " Dutch disease " because of the fast growing energy sector , which causes inflation and makes non-energy exports more expensive .
Azerbaijan is also ranked 57th in the Global Competitiveness Report for 2010 – 2011 , which is above other CIS countries .
In the same year the total wood resources counted 136 million m ³ .
In the recent years , Azerbaijan has also becoming a popular destination for religious , spa , and health care tourism .
The Government of Azerbaijan has set the development of Azerbaijan as an elite tourist destination a top priority .
Science and technology In the 21st century , a new oil and gas boom helped to improve the situation in the Azerbaijan 's science and technology sectors , and the government launched a campaign aimed at modernization and innovation .
Public pay phones are available for local calls and require the purchase of a token from the telephone exchange or some shops and kiosks .
The Azerbaijan National Aerospace Agency launched its first satellite AzerSat 1 into orbit in 7 February 2013 from Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana at orbital positions 46 ° East .
Turkic Khalaj , Qashqa'i , and Salchuq are considered by some to be separate languages in the Azerbaijani language group .
Azerbaijani is mutually intelligible with Turkish and Gagauz .
Initial alterations have included the reestablishment of religious education ( banned during the Soviet period ) and curriculum changes that have reemphasized the use of the Azerbaijani language and have eliminated ideological content .
Azerbaijani national and traditional dresses are the Chokha and Papakhi .
Among national musical instruments there are 14 string instruments , eight percussion instruments and six wind instruments .
When performing Mugham , the singers have to transform their emotions into singing and music .
The Divan and Ghazal styles were further developed by poets Qasim al-Anvar , Fuzuli and Khatai ( pen-name of Safavid Shah Ismail I ) .
In mid-19th century , it was taught in the schools of Baku , Ganja , Shaki , Tbilisi , and Yerevan .
Cuisine The traditional cuisine is famous for an abundance of vegetables and greens used seasonally in the dishes .
Azerbaijanis often use traditional armudu ( pear-shaped ) glass as Azerbaijan have very strong tea culture .
In the 19th and early 20th centuries , little monumental architecture was created , but distinctive residences were built in Baku and elsewhere .
Just like today , the oil industry attracted foreigners eager to invest and to work .
Azerbaijan is known as one of the chess superpowers ; despite the collapse of the Soviet Union , chess is still extremely popular .
Notable Azerbaijani chess players include Teimour Radjabov , Shahriyar Mammadyarov , Vladimir Makogonov , Garry Kasparov , Vugar Gashimov and Zeinab Mamedyarova .
Imaging techniques Amateur astronomers engage in many imaging techniques including film and CCD astrophotography .
To recognize this , the Astronomical Society of the Pacific annually gives Amateur Achievement Awards for significant contributions to astronomy by amateurs .
Amateur astronomers often contribute toward activities such as monitoring the changes in brightness of variable star s and supernovae , helping to track asteroid s , and observing occultation s to determine both the shape of asteroids and the shape of the terrain on the apparent edge of the Moon as seen from Earth .
This requires very little physical strength , as the aikidōka ( aikido practitioner ) " leads " the attacker 's momentum using entering and turning movements .
The term refers to the martial arts principle or tactic of blending with an attacker 's movements for the purpose of controlling their actions with minimal effort .
He was followed by Tadashi Abe in 1952 who came as the official Aikikai Hombu representative , remaining in France for seven years .
Significant controversy arose with the departure of the Aikikai Hombu Dojo 's chief instructor Koichi Tohei , in 1974 .
Although Iwama style practitioners remained part of the Aikikai until Saito 's death in 2002 , followers of Saito subsequently split into two groups ; one remaining with the Aikikai and the other forming the independent Shinshin Aikishuren Kai in 2004 around Saito 's son Hitohiro Saito .
The physical training in aikido is diverse , covering both general physical fitness and conditioning , as well as specific techniques .
Some basic strikes include : Beginners in particular often practice techniques from grabs , both because they are safer and because it is easier to feel the energy and lines of force of a hold than a strike .
Conversely , there are some who criticize aikido practitioners for not placing enough importance on the spiritual practices emphasized by Ueshiba .
However , even fine art often has goals beyond pure creativity and self-expression .
Benedetto Croce and R.G. Collingwood advanced the idealist view that art expresses emotions , and that the work of art therefore essentially exists in the mind of the creator .
Similarly , the west has had huge impacts on Eastern art in the 19th and 20th centuries , with originally western ideas like Communism and Post-Modernism exerting a powerful influence on artistic styles .
Modernism , the idealistic search for truth , gave way in the latter half of the 20th century to a realization of its unattainability .
For instance , well recognized genres in film are western , horror and romantic comedy .
Genres in painting include still life and pastoral landscape .
Pointillism , a technique in late Impressionism ( 1880s ) developed especially by the artist Georges Seurat , employs dots to create variation in color and depth in an attempt to approximate the way people really see color .
At the simplest level , a way to determine whether the impact of the object on the senses meets the criteria to be considered art is whether it is perceived to be attractive or repulsive .
Indeed , the reverse is often true , that the revision of what is popularly conceived of as being aesthetically appealing allows for a re-invigoration of aesthetic sensibility , and a new appreciation for the standards of art itself .
The different purposes of art may be grouped according to those that are non-motivated , and those that are motivated ( Levi-Strauss ) .
Non-motivated functions of art The non-motivated purposes of art are those that are integral to being human , transcend the individual , or do not fulfill a specific external purpose .
Cylinder seal s were both artistic and practical , and very widely used by what can be loosely called the middle class in the Ancient Near East .
The Uffizi in Florence opened entirely as a gallery in 1765 , though this function had been gradually taking the building over from the original civil servants ' offices for a long time before .
Clement Greenberg 's 1960 article " Modernist Painting " defines modern art as " the use of characteristic methods of a discipline to criticize the discipline itself " .
Shiner finds evidence that the older system of the arts before our modern system ( fine art ) held art to be any skilled human activity i.e. Ancient Greek society did not possess the term art but techne .
Anti-art is a feature of work by Situationist International , the lo-fi Mail art movement , and the Young British Artists , though it is a form still rejected by the Stuckists , who describe themselves as anti-anti-art .
In contrast , their wide geographic dispersion in the fossil record is uncharacteristic of benthic animals , suggesting a pelagic existence .
The term abortion most commonly refers to the induced abortion of a human pregnancy .
A pregnancy can be intentionally aborted in several ways .
An abortion is referred to as an elective or voluntary abortion when it is performed at the request of the woman for non-medical reasons .
Other causes include vascular disease ( such as lupus ) , diabetes , other hormonal problems , infection , and abnormalities of the uterus .
Advancing maternal age and a patient history of previous spontaneous abortions are the two leading factors associated with a greater risk of spontaneous abortion .
From the 15th week of gestation until approximately the 26th , other techniques must be used .
IDX is sometimes called " partial-birth abortion , " which has been federally banned in the United States .
In the US , the risk of maternal death from abortion is 0.6 per 100,000 procedures , making abortion about 14 times safer than childbirth ( 8.8 maternal deaths per 100,000 live births ) .
Similarly , in England and Wales in 2006 , 89 % of terminations occurred at or under 12 weeks , 9 % between 13 to 19 weeks , and 1.5 % at or over 20 weeks .
Later abortions are more common in China , India , and other developing countries than in developed countries .
However , abortion is largely heavily restricted or forbidden in areas of high Islamic faith such as the Middle East and North Africa .
Religious ethics also has an influence on both personal opinion and the greater debate over abortion .
Religious , moral , and cultural sensibilities continue to influence abortion laws throughout the world .
In places where abortion is illegal or carries heavy social stigma , pregnant women may engage in medical tourism and travel to countries where they can terminate their pregnancies .
Many countries have taken legislative steps to reduce the incidence of sex-selective abortion .
Male gray langur monkeys may attack females following male takeover , causing miscarriage .
The abstract also records all deed s , wills , mortgages , and other documents that affect ownership of the property .
The British Parliament insisted it had the right to tax colonists to finance the colonies ' military defense , which had become increasingly expensive due to the French and Indian Wars .
The American boycott of taxed British tea led to the Boston Tea Party in 1773 , when shiploads of tea were destroyed .
The war became a standoff .
French involvement proved decisive yet expensive , ruining France 's economy and driving the country into massive debt .
At the end of the American Revolution in 1783 , both the Continental Navy and Continental Marines were disbanded .
Many Loyalists fought in partisan units , especially in the Southern theater .
Small all-black units were formed in Rhode Island and Massachusetts ; many slaves were promised freedom for serving ( some of the men promised freedom were sent back to their masters , after the war was over , out of political convenience .
Though a few tribes were on friendly terms with the Americans , most Native Americans opposed the United States as a potential threat to their territory .
The powerful Iroquois Confederacy was shattered as a result of the conflict ; although the Confederacy did not take sides , the Seneca , Onondaga , and Cayuga nations sided with the British .
Baller ( 2006 ) examines family dynamics and mobilization for the Revolution in central Massachusetts .
Some relatives might be Loyalists , creating internal strains .
Riders including Paul Revere alerted the countryside , and when British troops entered Lexington on the morning of April 19 , they found 77 minutemen formed up on the village green .
Montgomery 's force joined Arnold 's , and they attacked Quebec City on December 31 , but were defeated by Carleton in a battle that ended with Montgomery dead , Arnold wounded , and over 400 Americans taken prisoner .
In February 1776 Clinton took 2,000 men and a naval squadron to invade North Carolina , which he called off when he learned the Loyalists had been crushed at the Battle of Moore 's Creek Bridge .
The goal was to seize the Lake Champlain and Hudson River corridor , effectively isolating New England from the rest of the American colonies .
Burgoyne 's invasion had two components : he would lead about 8,000 men along Lake Champlain towards Albany , New York , while a second column of about 2,000 men , led by Barry St. Leger , would move down the Mohawk River Valley and link up with Burgoyne in Albany .
It was not : Howe had instead sailed away on his expedition to capture Philadelphia .
Saratoga was the turning point of the war .
Revolutionary confidence and determination , suffering from Howe 's successful occupation of Philadelphia , was renewed .
Washington shadowed Clinton on his withdrawal and forced a strategic victory at the battle at Monmouth on June 28 , 1778 , the last major battle in the north .
An international war , 1778 – 1783 From 1776 France had informally been involved in the American Revolutionary War , with French admiral Latouche Tréville having provided supplies , ammunition and guns from France to the United States after Thomas Jefferson had encouraged a French alliance , and guns such as de Valliere type were used , playing an important role in such battles as the Battle of Saratoga .
George Washington wrote about the French supplies and guns in a letter to General Heath on May 2 , 1777 .
However he was overruled by José Moñino , 1st Count of Floridablanca who opted for a more discreet approach .
Punishing " the Americans In London King George III gave up all hope of subduing America by more armies , while Britain had a European war to fight . "
But the King was still determined " never to acknowledge the independence of the Americans , and to punish their contumacy by the indefinite prolongation of a war which promised to be eternal . "
While French financial assistance to the American war effort was already of critical importance , French military aid to the Americans would not show positive results until the arrival in July 1780 of a large force of soldiers led by the Comte de Rochambeau .
The Spanish colonial leaders , in turn , could not completely eliminate British influences along the Mosquito Coast .
The capture of the French-controlled port of Mahé on India 's west coast motivated Mysore 's ruler , Hyder Ali ( who was already upset at other British actions , and benefited from trade through the port ) , to open the Second Anglo-Mysore War in 1780 .
France 's Indian colonies were returned after the war .
The Dutch Republic , nominally neutral , had been trading with the Americans , exchanging Dutch arms and munitions for American colonial wares ( in contravention of the British Navigation Acts ) , primarily through activity based in St. Eustatius , before the French formally entered the war .
The war was a military and economic disaster for the Dutch Republic .
On August 16 , 1780 , Gates was defeated at the Battle of Camden in South Carolina , setting the stage for Cornwallis to invade North Carolina .
Lafayette skirmished with Cornwallis , avoiding a decisive battle while gathering reinforcements .
Cornwallis , having been ordered to occupy a fortified position that could be resupplied ( and evacuated , if necessary ) by sea , had settled in Yorktown , on the York River , which was navigable by seagoing vessels .
The Congress tried to handle administrative affairs through legislative committees , which proved inefficient .
When the Army emerged from Valley Forge , they proved their ability to equally match the British troops in battle when they fought a successful strategic action at the Battle of Monmouth .
Despite strong Loyalist support , these troops were often displaced by Patriot militia when British regulars were not in the area , demonstrated at battles such as Kings Mountain .
As was typical in the wars of the era , disease claimed far more lives than battle .
This tally of deaths from disease is undoubtedly too low , however ; 2,500 Americans died while encamped at Valley Forge in the winter of 1777 – 78 alone .
The number of Revolutionaries seriously wounded or disabled by the war has been estimated from 8,500 to 25,000 .
British & AlliesAbout 171,000 sailors served in the Royal Navy during the war ; about a quarter had been pressed into service .
About 1,240 were killed in battle , while 18,500 died from disease .
The French spent 1.3 billion livres ( about £ 56 million ) .
In this way , amperes can be viewed as a flow rate , i.e. number of particles ( charged ) transiting per unit time , and coulombs simply as the number of particles .
This force is used in the formal definition of the ampere , which states that it is " the constant current that will produce an attractive force of 2 × 10 – 7 newton per metre of length between two straight , parallel conductors of infinite length and negligible circular cross section placed one metre apart in a vacuum " .
The new definition is expected to be formally proposed at the 25th General Conference on Weights and Measures ( CGPM ) in 2014 .
Everyday examples The current drawn by typical constant-voltage energy distribution systems is usually dictated by the power ( watt s ) consumed by the system and the operating voltage .
Portable gadgets Motor vehicles – 12 V DC A typical motor vehicle has a 12 V battery .
For some people , a program is only an algorithm if it stops eventually ; for others , a program is only an algorithm if it stops before a given number of calculation steps .
Formalization Algorithms are essential to the way computers process data .
Many computer program s contain algorithms that detail the specific instructions a computer should perform ( in a specific order ) to carry out a specified task , such as calculating employees ' paychecks or printing students ' report cards .
However , algorithms are also implemented by other means , such as in a biological neural network ( for example , the human brain implementing arithmetic or an insect looking for food ) , in an electrical circuit , or in a mechanical device .
Algorithm versus function computable by an algorithm : For a given function multiple algorithms may exist .
Minsky 's machine proceeds sequentially through its five ( or six depending on how one counts ) instructions unless either a conditional IF – THEN GOTO or an unconditional GOTO changes program flow out of sequence .
Rarely must a programmer write " code " with such a limited instruction set .
Stone gives an example of this : when computing the roots of a quadratic equation the computor must know how to take a square root .
Kemeny and Kurtz observe that while " undisciplined " use of unconditional GOTOs and conditional IF-THEN GOTOs can result in " spaghetti code " a programmer can write structured programs using these instructions ; on the other hand " it is also possible , and not too hard , to write badly structured programs in a structured language " .
While Nicomachus ' algorithm is the same as Euclid 's , when the numbers are prime to one another it yields the number " 1 " for their common measure .
Use remainder r to measure what was previously smaller number s : ; L serves as a temporary location .
OUTPUT : DONE : An elegant program for Euclid 's algorithmThe following version of Euclid 's algorithm requires only 6 core instructions to do what 13 are required to do by " Inelegant " ; worse , " Inelegant " requires more types of instructions .
5 REM Euclid 's algorithm for greatest common divisor 6 PRINT " Type two integers greater than 0 " 10 INPUT A , B 20 IF B = 0 THEN GOTO 80 30 IF A > B THEN GOTO 60 40 LET B = B-A 50 GOTO 20 60 LET A = A-B 70 GOTO 20 80 PRINT A 90 END How " Elegant " works : In place of an outer " Euclid loop " , " Elegant " shifts back and forth between two " co-loops " , an A > B loop that computes A ← A − B , and a B ≤ A loop that computes B ← B − A. This works because , when at last the minuend M is less than or equal to the subtrahend S ( Difference = Minuend − Subtrahend ) , the minuend can become s ( the new measuring length ) and the subtrahend can become the new r ( the length to be measured ) ; in other words the " sense " of the subtraction reverses .
Tausworthe proposes that a measure of the complexity of a program be the length of its correctness proof .
: Once the programmer judges a program " fit " and " effective " — that is , it computes the function intended by its author — then the question becomes , can it be improved ?
Observe that steps 4 , 5 and 6 are repeated in steps 11 , 12 and 13 .
This reduces the number of core instructions from 13 to 8 , which makes it " more elegant " than " Elegant " at 9 steps .
, GOTO ) .
FFT speedup To illustrate the potential improvements possible even in some extremely " well established " algorithms , a recent significant innovation , relating to FFT algorithms ( used very heavily in the field of image processing ) , may have decreased processing times by a factor as high as 10,000 .
Some example classes are search algorithm s , sorting algorithm s , merge algorithm s , numerical algorithms , graph algorithms , string algorithms , computational geometric algorithms , combinatorial algorithms , medical algorithm s , machine learning , cryptography , data compression algorithms and parsing techniques .
Additionally , some problems may have multiple algorithms of differing complexity , while other problems might have no algorithms or no known efficient algorithms .
However , practical applications of algorithms are sometimes patentable .
English adopted the French very soon afterwards , but it was n't until the late 19th century that " Algorithm " took on the meaning that it has in modern English .
The resultant considerations led to Kurt Gödel 's paper ( 1931 ) — he specifically cites the paradox of the liar — that completely reduces rules of recursion to numbers .
Church 's proof that the Entscheidungsproblem was unsolvable , Emil Post 's definition of effective calculability as a worker mindlessly following a list of instructions to move left or right through a sequence of rooms and while there either mark or erase a paper or observe the paper and make a yes-no decision about the next instruction .

The plants grow and bloom during the cool season when most other plants are dormant or other annuals are in seed form waiting for warmer weather to germinate .
Winter annuals are important ecologically , as they provide vegetative cover that prevents soil erosion during winter and early spring when no other cover exists and they provide fresh vegetation for animals and birds that feed on them .
The group contained the angiosperms - the extant flowering plants - as well as the Gnetales and the extinct Bennettitales .
Atlas may also refer to : Mythology Computing Entertainment Music Video games Literature and publishing Fictional characters Sport Other entertainment Geography Outer space Physics Plants and animals Transport Aviation Trains Ships and boats Automotive People Other uses See also
They can also include essential oil s that have some antibacterial properties , like phenol , thymol , eugenol , eucalyptol or menthol .
Recently , the possibility that the alcohol used in mouthrinses acts as a carcinogen was raised , but there is to date no scientific consensus on the issue .
Many newer brands are alcohol-free and contain odor-elimination agents such as oxidizers , as well as odor-preventing agents such as zinc ion to keep future bad breath from developing .
Focused attention on cavity-causing bacteria such as Streptococcus mutans has led research into new mouthwash treatments that prevent these bacteria from initially growing .
He became the measure against which military leaders compared themselves , and military academies throughout the world still teach his tactics .
Several legends surround Alexander 's birth and childhood .
When Alexander was ten years old , a trader from Thessaly brought Philip a horse , which he offered to sell for thirteen talents .
Bucephalas carried Alexander as far as Pakistan .
When the animal died ( due to old age , according to Plutarch , at age thirty ) , Alexander named a city after him , Bucephala .
He colonized it with Greeks , and founded a city named Alexandropolis .
Concerned that other Greek states might intervene , Alexander made it look as though he was preparing to attack Illyria instead .
Philip then returned to Elatea , sending a final offer of peace to Athens and Thebes , who both rejected it .
During the ensuing Battle of Chaeronea , Philip commanded the right wing and Alexander the left , accompanied by a group of Philip 's trusted generals .
Exile and return When Philip returned to Pella , he fell in love with and married Cleopatra Eurydice , the niece of his general Attalus .
However , it appears Philip never intended to disown his politically and militarily trained son .
In the following year , the Persian satrap ( governor ) of Caria , Pixodarus , offered his eldest daughter to Alexander 's half-brother , Philip Arrhidaeus .
He also received news of a Thracian uprising .
The Macedonians marched into the country of the Triballi , and defeated their army near the Lyginus river ( a tributary of the Danube ) .
After an initial victory against Persian forces at the Battle of the Granicus , Alexander accepted the surrender of the Persian provincial capital and treasury of Sardis ; he then proceeded along the Ionia n coast .
After three unsuccessful assaults , the stronghold fell , but not before Alexander had received a serious shoulder wound .
Henceforth , Alexander often referred to Zeus-Ammon as his true father , and subsequent currency depicted him adorned with rams horn as a symbol of his divinity .
The empire began falling as military leaders and eventually Alexander died .
Alexander reached Susa in 324 BC , but not before losing many men to the harsh desert .
After three days , unable to persuade his men to back down , Alexander gave Persians command posts in the army and conferred Macedonian military titles upon Persian units .
Details of the death differ slightly – Plutarch 's account is that roughly 14 days before his death , Alexander entertained admiral Nearchus , and spent the night and next day drinking with Medius of Larissa .
Arrian also mentioned this as an alternative , but Plutarch specifically denied this claim .
Given the propensity of the Macedonian aristocracy to assassination , foul play featured in multiple accounts of his death .
Diodorus , Plutarch , Arrian and Justin all mentioned the theory that Alexander was poisoned .
The strongest argument against the poison theory is the fact that twelve days passed between the start of his illness and his death ; such long-acting poisons were probably not available .
Other illnesses fit the symptoms , including acute pancreatitis and West Nile virus .
However , the infantry , under the command of Meleager , rejected this arrangement since they had been excluded from the discussion .
Instead , they supported Alexander 's half-brother Philip Arrhidaeus .
Alexander also recognized the potential for disunity among his diverse army , which employed various languages and weapons .
He overcame this by being personally involved in battle , in the manner of a Macedonian king .
In India , confronted by Porus ' elephant corps , the Macedonians opened their ranks to envelop the elephants and used their sarissas to strike upwards and dislodge the elephants ' handlers .
Physical appearance Greek biographer Plutarch ( c. 45 – 120 AD ) describes Alexander 's appearance as : Greek historian Arrian ( Lucius Flavius Arrianus ' Xenophon ' c. 86 – 160 ) described Alexander as : The semi-legendary Alexander Romance also suggests that Alexander suffered from heterochromia iridum : that one eye was dark and the other light .
Lysippos ' sculpture , famous for its naturalism , as opposed to a stiffer , more static pose , is thought to be the most faithful depiction .
Personality Some of Alexander 's strongest personality traits formed in response to his parents .
According to Plutarch , among Alexander 's traits were a violent temper and rash , impulsive nature , which undoubtedly contributed to some of his decisions .
Although Alexander was stubborn and did not respond well to orders from his father , he was open to reasoned debate .
Personal relationships The central personal relationship of Alexander 's life was with his friend , general , and bodyguard Hephaestion , the son of a Macedonian noble .
Alexander married twice : Roxana , daughter of the Bactria n nobleman Oxyartes , out of love ; and Stateira II , a Persian princess and daughter of Darius III of Persia , for political reasons .
No ancient sources stated that Alexander had homosexual relationships , or that Alexander 's relationship with Hephaestion was sexual .
Aelian , however , writes of Alexander 's visit to Troy where " Alexander garlanded the tomb of Achilles and Hephaestion that of Patroclus , the latter riddling that he was a beloved of Alexander , in just the same way as Patroclus was of Achilles " .
Green suggested that , in the context of the period , Alexander formed quite strong friendships with women , including Ada of Caria , who adopted him , and even Darius 's mother Sisygambis , who supposedly died from grief upon hearing of Alexander 's death .
At the time of his death , Alexander 's empire covered some , and was the largest state of its time .
The cities locations ' reflected trade routes as well as defensive positions .
On the other hand , some Roman writers , particularly Republican figures , used Alexander as a cautionary tale of how autocratic tendencies can be kept in check by republican values .
Legend Legendary accounts surround the life of Alexander the Great , many deriving from his own lifetime , probably encouraged by Alexander himself .
Writing shortly after Alexander 's death , another participant , Onesicritus , invented a tryst between Alexander and Thalestris , queen of the mythical Amazons .
Alexander has figured in both high and popular culture beginning in his own era to the present day .
The Alexander Romance , in particular , has had a significant impact on portrayals of Alexander in later cultures , from Persian to medieval European to modern Greek .
The figure of Dhul-Qarnayn ( literally " the Two-Horned One " ) mentioned in the Quran is believed by some scholars to represent Alexander , due to parallels with the Alexander Romance .
Korzybski is remembered as the author of the dictum : " The map is not the territory " .
He learned the Polish language at home and the Russian language in schools ; and having a French governess and a German governess , he became fluent in these four languages as a child .
After being wounded in a leg and suffering other injuries , he moved to North America in 1916 ( first to Canada , then the United States ) to coordinate the shipment of artillery to Russia .
General semantics Korzybski 's work culminated in the initiation of a discipline that he named general semantics ( GS ) .
He thought that certain uses of the verb " to be " , called the " is of identity " and the " is of predication " , were faulty in structure , e.g. , a statement such as , " Elizabeth is a fool " ( said of a person named " Elizabeth " who has done something that we regard as foolish ) .
In Korzybski 's system , one 's assessment of Elizabeth belongs to a higher order of abstraction than Elizabeth herself .
This was expressed by Korzybski 's most famous premise , " the map is not the territory " .
Anecdotes One day , Korzybski was giving a lecture to a group of students , and he interrupted the lesson suddenly in order to retrieve a packet of biscuits , wrapped in white paper , from his briefcase .
The students were chewing vigorously .
On it was a big picture of a dog 's head and the words " Dog Cookies . "
He was 25 years old , and paid $ 40 .
Atari had been in the process of manufacturing another vector game , Lunar Lander , but demand for Asteroids was so high " that several hundred Asteroids games were shipped in Lunar Lander cabinets . "
The player can also send their ship into hyperspace , causing it to disappear and reappear in a random location on the screen ( with the risk of self-destructing or appearing on top of an asteroid ) .
Each stage starts with a few large asteroids drifting in random directions on the screen .
Like many games of its time , Asteroids contains several bugs that were mostly the result of the original programmers underestimating the game 's popularity or the skill of its players .
As the 6502 by itself was too slow to control both the game play and the vector hardware at the same time , the latter task was delegated to the DVG .
The prototype was given to engineer Howard Delman , who refined it , productized it , and then added additional features for Atari 's first vector game , Lunar Lander .
Legacy Because of the game 's success , a sequel followed in 1981 dubbed Asteroids Deluxe .
The ship and asteroids appeared to " float " over this cardboard backdrop .
The gameplay in Asteroids was imitated by many games that followed .
Both Asteroids and Asteroids Deluxe were also re-released to Microsoft 's Game Room download service for the Xbox 360 and Windows-based PC s in 2010 .

[[786]]
Succulent genera occur in several families ( e.g. Aloe ) .
The three petal s ( or inner tepals ) , also showy , are located alternately between the sepals , two at the side and one usually at the bottom of the flower .
The lower petal is referred to as the " labellum " or " lip " , and is usually distinctively different from the side petals .
The inflorescence is a raceme .
Members of the family are usually perennial herbs with sword-shaped unifacial leaves ; the inflorescence is a spike or panicle of solitary flowers , or forms a monochasial cyme or rhipidium ( meaning that the successive stems of the flowers follow a zig-zag path in the same plane ) ; and the flower has only three stamens , each opposite to an outer tepal .
Saffron is obtained from the dried styles of Crocus sativus L. , a member of the iris family .
Xanthorrhoeaceae sensu lato The Xanthorrhoeaceae , or grasstree , family has been recognized by most taxonomist s , but the limits of the family have varied greatly .
In the narrowest definition , the Xanthorrhoeaceae sensu stricto consists only of the genus Xanthorrhoea .
The flower is typically somewhat zygomorphic ( i.e. not radially symmetrical ) and has nectaries .
The fruit is a capsule .
Allioideae The allium subfamily of the Amaryllidaceae sensu lato is treated in some systems as a separate family , the Alliaceae .
The family also has important ornamentals , mainly from the dominant genus Allium , but also including genera such as Ipheion .
The inflorescence is made up of small clusters of blue flowers at the end of a long stem ( scape ) .
A number of genera , including Brodiaea and Triteleia , are grown as ornamental plants .
Some are used as cut flowers .
Many species currently assigned to this group have been placed in other groups at different times .
South west North America , including Mexico , is an area of particular diversity .
The group consists of some 15 genera and about 180 species from Australasia , south east Asia , and South America .
The best known genus is Cordyline .
The small flowers are radially symmetrical , with six tepals , usually joined at the base , six stamens and a superior ovary .
Ruscus ( butcher 's broom ) has photosynthetic branches ( phylloclades ) , similar to those of Asparagus ( Asparagoideae ) ; Dracaena draco has a tree-like habit resembling Yucca ( Agavoideae ) and Cordyline ( Lomandroideae ) .
Older systems based on morphology placed many of the species now included in Asparagales into the lily family ( Liliaceae ) ; where other families were recognized , these were generally placed into the old order Liliales : a very large order which was used for almost all monocotyledons with colourful tepals and without starch in their endosperm ( the lilioid monocot s ) .
These are the families given under " including " in the list above .
The families included in the circumscriptions of the order in these two systems are shown in the first and second columns of the table below .
The Boryaceae are mycorrhiza l , but not in the same way as orchids .
There is relatively low support for the position of Boryaceae in the tree shown above .
Most aquatic species have a totally submerged juvenile phase , and flowers are either floating or emergent .
Collectively they are commonly known as " water plantain " .
The Pittosporaceae were placed within the Rosales , and many of the other forms within the family Cornaceae .
Asterales share characteristics on morphological and biochemical levels .
The remaining families count together for less than 500 species .
All Asterales families are represented in the southern hemisphere ; however Asteraceae and Campanulaceae are cosmopolitan and Menyanthaceae nearly so .
Less can be said about the Asterales themselves with certainty , although since several families in Asterales contain trees , the ancestral member is most likely to have been a tree or shrub .
Asterales are angiosperms , flowering plants that appeared about 140 million years ago .
Asteroids are minor planet s ( small Solar System bodies and dwarf planet s ) that are not comet s , especially those of the inner Solar System .
These were named after and are generally identified with carbon-rich , stony , and metal lic compositions , respectively .
Discovery The first asteroid to be discovered , Ceres , was found in 1801 by Giuseppe Piazzi , and was originally considered to be a new planet .
Historical methods Asteroid discovery methods have dramatically improved over the past two centuries .
The three largest objects in the asteroid belt , Ceres , 2 Pallas , and 4 Vesta , grew to the stage of protoplanet s. Ceres has been classified as a dwarf planet , the only one in the inner Solar System .
Furthermore , most do not have the highly eccentric orbits associated with comets , and the ones so far discovered are larger than traditional comet nuclei .
Other recent observations , such as the analysis of the cometary dust collected by the Stardust probe , are increasingly blurring the distinction between comets and asteroids , suggesting " a continuum between asteroids and comets " rather than a sharp dividing line .
Currently only the largest object in the asteroid belt , Ceres , at about across , has been placed in the dwarf planet category , although there are several large asteroids ( Vesta , Pallas , and Hygiea ) that may be classified as dwarf planets when their shapes are better known .
Significant populations include : Asteroid belt The majority of known asteroids orbit within the asteroid belt between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter , generally in relatively low - eccentricity ( i.e. not very elongated ) orbits .
A couple of trojans have also been found orbiting with Mars .
Adding in the next three most massive objects , Vesta ( 9 % ) , Pallas ( 7 % ) , and Hygiea ( 3 % ) , brings this figure up to 51 % ; while the three after that , 511 Davida ( 1.2 % ) , 704 Interamnia ( 1.0 % ) , and 52 Europa ( 0.9 % ) , only add another 3 % to the total mass .
So far , every asteroid with moons has turned out to be a rubble pile , a loose conglomeration of rock and metal that may be half empty space by volume .
On October 7 , 2009 , the presence of water ice was confirmed on the surface of 24 Themis using NASA ’s Infrared Telescope Facility .
Groups are relatively loose dynamical associations , whereas families are tighter and result from the catastrophic break-up of a large parent asteroid sometime in the past .
Sometimes these horseshoe objects temporarily become quasi-satellite s for a few decades or a few hundred years , before returning to their earlier status .
Such objects , if associated with Earth or Venus or even hypothetically Mercury , are a special class of Aten asteroid s. However , such objects could be associated with outer planets as well .
The two most widely used taxonomies now used are the Tholen classification and SMASS classification .
This resulted in 14 asteroid categories .
The best modern ground-based telescopes and the Earth-orbiting Hubble Space Telescope can resolve a small amount of detail on the surfaces of the largest asteroids , but even these mostly remain little more than fuzzy blobs .
In September 2005 , the Japanese Hayabusa probe started studying 25143 Itokawa in detail and was plagued with difficulties , but returned samples of its surface to earth on June 13 , 2010 .
The right of victims to speak at sentencing is also sometimes referred to as allocution .
In the federal system , Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure 32 ( i ) ( 4 ) provides that the court must " address the defendant personally in order to permit the defendant to speak or present any information to mitigate the sentence . "
The name is Medieval Latin for he has declared upon oath .
Ireland Affidavits are made in a similar way as to England and Wales , although " make oath " is sometimes omitted .
An affidavit which reflected a better grasp of the facts close in time to the actual events may be used to refresh a witness 's recollection .
In such a case , a court will accept an affidavit from the filing attorney in support of the motion , as certain assumptions are made , to wit : The affidavit in place of sworn testimony promotes judicial economy .
The acceptance of an affidavit by one society does not confirm its acceptance as a legal document in other jurisdictions .
Aries is a relatively dim constellation , possessing only four bright stars : Hamal ( Alpha Arietis , second magnitude ) , Sheratan ( Beta Arietis , third magnitude ) , Mesartim ( Gamma Arietis , fourth magnitude ) , and 41 Arietis ( also fourth magnitude ) .
Instead , it was listed as an " unformed star " , and denoted as " the star over the head " .
Some early Bedouin observers saw a ram elsewhere in the sky ; this constellation featured the Pleiades as the ram 's tail .
In 1624 , the same stars were used by Jakob Bartsch to create a constellation called Vespa , representing a wasp .
Half a world away , in the Marshall Islands , several stars from Aries were incorporated into a constellation depicting a porpoise , along with stars from Cassiopeia , Andromeda , and Triangulum .
β Arietis , also known as Sheratan , is a blue-white star with an apparent visual magnitude of 2.64 .
The primary is of magnitude 4.59 and the secondary is of magnitude 4.68 .
Its overall magnitude is 4.63 , and the primary has an absolute magnitude of 1.4 .
ζ Arietis is a star of magnitude 4.89 , 263 light-years away .
Its spectral class is F2 and its absolute magnitude is 0.6 .
Therefore , they are observed photometrically , usually having periods that fit in the course of one night .
NGC 772 is a class SA ( s ) b galaxy , which means that it is an unbarred spiral galaxy without a ring that possesses a somewhat prominent bulge and spiral arms that are wound somewhat tightly . The main arm , on the northwest side of the galaxy , is home to many star forming regions ; this is due to previous gravitational interactions with other galaxies . NGC 772 has a small companion galaxy , NGC 770 , that is about 113,000 light-years away from the larger galaxy .
It is a weakly barred spiral galaxy with loosely wound arms .
Because it is so diffuse , it has a low surface brightness .
They are interacting gravitationally , as they are connected by a faint stream of gas and dust .
It is unusual because it has hints of an early spiral structure , which is normally only found in lenticular and spiral galaxies .
NGC 821 is 2.6 by 2.0 arcminutes and has a visual magnitude of 11.3 .
Because most of the Daytime Arietids are not visible to the naked eye , they are observed in the radio spectrum .
The Autumn Arietids also radiate from Aries .
HIP 14810 , a G5 type star , is orbited by three giant planet s ( those more than ten times the mass of Earth ) .
One planet is 2.3 times the mass of Jupiter , and the other is 1.57 times the mass of Jupiter .
Astrology , the Sun resides in the constellation Aries from April 19 to May 20 as it moves through the ecliptic .
References Explanatory notes Citations Bibliography Online sources SIMBAD External links
[[799]]
It is the second brightest star in Aquarius with a magnitude of 2.96 ( though it has an absolute magnitude of -4.5 ) and is 523 light-years from Earth .
It is the brightest star in Aquarius with an apparent magnitude of 2.91 and an absolute magnitude of -4.5 .
γ Aquarii , also called Sadachbia , is a blue-white A0 spectral class star of magnitude 3.84 and a luminosity of 50 L ☉ that is 163 light years away .
Gliese 876 , one of the nearest stars to Earth at a distance of 15 light-years , was the first red dwarf star to be found to possess a planetary system .
The planet was discovered by the radial velocity method n 2010 and has a mass of 2.2 Jupiter masses .
The 1.23 Jupiter mass planet orbits at nearly the same distance as Earth orbits the Sun - 1.1 AU , though its orbital period is significantly longer at around 442 days .
M72 , also catalogued as NGC 6981 , is a small 9th magnitude globular cluster located approximately 56,000 light-years from Earth .
In tropical astrology , the Sun is considered to be in the sign Aquarius from 20 January to 19 February , and in sidereal astrology , from 15 February to 14 March .
During this time period , anime was extensively used as a channel for government propaganda .
He intended this as a temporary measure to allow him to produce material on a tight schedule with inexperienced animation staff .
In general , the term now only appears in nostalgic contexts .
In Japan , " manga " can refer to both animation and comics .
The term " ani-manga " is used to describe comics produced from animation cels .
Character design Basic character designs use techniques implemented in cartoon design .
Most super deformed characters are two to four heads tall .
When Tezuka began drawing Ribbon no Kishi , the first manga specifically targeted at young girls , Tezuka further exaggerated the size of the characters ' eyes .
Indeed , through Ribbon no Kishi , Tezuka set a stylistic template that later shōjo artists tended to follow .
However , not all anime have large eyes .
Characters that are shocked or surprised will perform a " face fault " , in which they display an extremely exaggerated expression .
Some works such as Ghost in the Shell and Princess Mononoke mixed cel animation with computer-generated images .
The large majority of anime uses traditional animation , which better allows for division of labor , pose to pose approach and checking of drawings before they are shot – practices favored by the anime industry .
.
The backgrounds for the Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya are based on various locations within the suburb of Nishinomiya , Hyogo , Japan .
Directors can also choose camera effects within cinematography , such as panning , zooming , facial closeup , and panoramic .
Production companies earn roughly 55 % and retailers about 25 % of domestic DVD sales .
Distribution While anime had entered markets beyond Japan in the 1960s , it grew as a major cultural export during its market expansion during the 1980s and 1990s .
For example , the Saint Seiya video game was released in Europe due to the popularity of the show even years after the series has been off-air .
Once the series has been licensed outside of Japan , fansub groups often cease distribution of their work .
In one case , Media Factory Incorporated requested that no fansubs of their material be made , which was respected by the fansub community .
Some , such as the Anime Network and the FUNimation Channel , specifically show anime .
The city was famous for its long-haired Angora goat and its prized wool ( mohair ) , a unique breed of cat ( Angora cat ) , Angora rabbit s and their prized wool ( Angora wool ) , pear s , honey , and the region 's muscat grape s. The historical center of Ankara is situated upon a rocky hill , which rises above the plain on the left bank of the Ankara Çayı , a tributary of the Sakarya ( Sangarius ) river .
The ruins of Ancyra still furnish today valuable bas-relief s , inscriptions and other architectural fragments .
The great imperial road running east passed through Ankara and a succession of emperors and their armies came this way .
They were not the only ones to use the Roman highway network , which was equally convenient for invaders .
In its heyday , Roman Ankara was a large market and trading center but it also functioned as a major administrative capital , where a high official ruled from the city 's Praetorium , a large administrative palace or office .
The remains of the church of St. Clement can be found today in a building just off Işıklar Caddesi in the Ulus district .
The Column of Julian which was erected in honor of the emperor 's visit to the city in 362 still stands today .
The modern Ankara , also known in some Western texts as Angora , remains a Roman Catholic titular see in the former Roman province of Galatia in Asia Minor , suffragan of Laodicea .
Completed in 1953 , it is an impressive fusion of ancient and modern architectural styles .
It is situated in the renovated building of the historic TCDD Cer Atölyeleri , formerly a workshop of the Turkish State Railways .
Temple of Augustus and RomeThe temple , also known as the Monumentum Ancyranum , was built between 25 BC – 20 BC following the conquest of Central Anatolia by the Roman Empire and the formation of the Roman province of Galatia , with Ancyra ( modern Ankara ) as its administrative capital .
The mosque was built in honor of Hacı Bayram-ı Veli , whose tomb is next to the mosque , two years before his death ( 1427 – 28 ) .
It is a pleasant place to spend a day with family , be it for having picnics , hiking , biking or simply enjoying good food and nature .
Culture and education Turkish State Opera and Ballet , the national directorate of opera and ballet companies of Turkey , has its headquarters in Ankara , and serves the city with three venues : The Turkish State Theatres also has its head office in Ankara and runs the following stages in the city : In addition , the city is served by several private theatre companies among which Ankara Sanat Tiyatrosu who have their own stage in the city centre is a notable example .
The Turkish State Railways operates passenger train service from Ankara to other major cities , such as : İstanbul , Eskişehir , Balıkesir , Kütahya , İzmir , Kayseri , Adana , Kars , Malatya , Diyarbakır , Karabük , Zonguldak and Sivas .
In 2009 , the new Yüksek Hızlı Tren high-speed rail service began operation between Ankara and Eskişehir .
They were the Turkish Cup winners in 1987 and 2001 .
Ankaragücü used to play in the Turkish Super League until being relegated to the TFF First League at the end of the 2011 – 2012 season .
They were the Turkish Cup winners in 1972 and 1981 .
A fourth team , Büyükşehir Belediye Ankaraspor , played in the Turkish Super League until 2010 , when they were expelled , and currently are not a member of the Turkish league system .
There seems to be a connection between the Angora Cats and Persians , and the Turkish Angora is also a distant cousin of the Turkish Van .
They come in tabby and tabby-white , along with smoke varieties , and are in every color other than pointed , lavender , and cinnamon ( all of which would indicate breeding to an outcross . )
They first appeared in the United States in the early 20th century .
This breed was first mentioned in the time of Moses , roughly in 1500 BC .
jpg | Entrance of the State Art and Sculpture Museum ( 1927 ) File : Yunus Emre Institut Ulus Ankara .
In 1912 , Moroccan Arabic was official in Morocco for some time , before Morocco joined the Arab League .
Much of the new vocabulary is used to denote concepts that have arisen in the post-Quranic era , especially in modern times .
However , the current preference is to avoid direct borrowings , preferring to either use loan translation s ( e.g. , '' '' " branch " , also used for the branch of a company or organization ; '' '' " wing " , also used for the wing of an airplane , building , air force , etc. ) or to coin new words using forms within existing roots ( '' '' " apoptosis " , using the root '' m/w/t '' " death " put into the Xth form , or '' '' " university " , based on '' '' " to gather , unite " ; '' '' " republic " , based on '' '' " multitude " ) .
* If the word occurs after another word ending in a vowel , the initial vowel of the word is elided , e.g. , '' '' " house of the director " .
* If the final syllable is super heavy and closed ( of the form CVVC or CVCC ) it receives stress .
Likewise Form VIII '' '' " he bought " , '' '' " he buys " .
Doubled consonants count as two consonants : '' '' " magazine " , '' '' " place " .
The restriction on final long vowels does not apply to the spoken dialects , where original final long vowels have been shortened and secondary final long vowels have arisen from loss of original final '' - hu/hi '' .
In the Cairo ( Egyptian Arabic ) dialect a heavy syllable may not carry stress more than two syllables from the end of a word , hence '' '' " school " , '' '' " Cairo " .
In the Arabic of Sana , stress is often retracted : '' '' " two houses " , '' '' " their table " , '' '' " desks " , '' '' " sometimes " , '' '' " their school " .
** second-person singular feminine past-tense '' - ti '' , and likewise '' ʾanti '' " you ( fem .
Specifically : * All the rules for formal short pronunciation apply , except as follows .
In Moroccan Arabic , also have emphatic allophones .
Unstressed short vowels , especially , are deleted in many contexts .
( The labialization plus / ǝ / is sometimes interpreted as an underlying phoneme . )
Semitic became extremely early on in Arabic before it was written down ; a few modern Arabic dialects , such as Iraqi ( influenced by Persian and Turkish ) distinguish between and .
* usually retains its original pronunciation , but is palatalized to in many words in Israel & the Palestinian Territories , Iraq and much of the Arabian Peninsula .
In Sana'a , Omani , and Bahrani is pronounced .
For example , the word for " I wrote " is constructed by combining the root '' ' '' ' " write " with the pattern '' ' '' ' " I X 'd " to form '' '' " I wrote " .
Numerals between three and ten show " chiasmic " agreement , in that grammatically masculine numerals have feminine marking and vice versa .
The moods other than the indicative occur only in the non-past , and the future tense is signaled by prefixing '' '' or '' '' onto the non-past .
( Note , however , that their usage in constructing vocabulary is somewhat different , since the same root can be conjugated in multiple forms , with different shades of meaning . )
public-ness " < '' '' " multitude , general public " ) , and the Gaddafi - specific variation '' '' " people 's republic " ( lit . "
They have lost the mood distinctions other than imperative , but many have since gained new moods through the use of prefixes ( most often / bi - / for indicative vs. unmarked subjunctive ) .
Edward William Lane , the writer of " The Arabic-English Lexicon , " complained once that he was so used to the cursive calligraphy of his Arabic manuscripts that the Western print strained his eyes .
= = Language-standards regulators = = Academy of the Arabic Language is the name of a number of language-regulation bodies formed in the Arab League .

He pioneered many techniques in the suspense and psychological thriller genres .
His military stint was limited : he received theoretical briefings , weekend drills and exercises .
Next , Hitchcock directed a drama called The Mountain Eagle ( possibly released under the title Fear o ' God in the United States ) .
The film , released in January 1927 , was a major commercial and critical success in the United Kingdom .
While the film was still in production , the studio , British International Pictures ( BIP ) , decided to convert it to sound .
Another BIP musical revue , Harmony Heaven ( 1929 ) , reportedly had minor input from Hitchcock , but his name does not appear in the credits .
This film was also one of the first to introduce the " MacGuffin " .
, " Well " , says the other , " then that 's no Macguffin . "
Selznick suffered from constant money problems , and Hitchcock was often displeased with Selznick 's creative control over his films .
1940s films Hitchcock 's films during the 1940s were diverse , ranging from the romantic comedy Mr. & Mrs. Smith ( 1941 ) to the courtroom drama The Paradine Case ( 1947 ) to the dark and disturbing film noir Shadow of a Doubt ( 1943 ) .
, a photographic dramatisation of the dangers of rumours during wartime , for Life magazine .
Shadow of a Doubt ( 1943 ) , Hitchcock 's personal favourite of all his films and the second of the early Universal films , was about young Charlotte " Charlie " Newton ( Teresa Wright ) , who suspects her beloved uncle Charlie Oakley ( Joseph Cotten ) of being a serial murderer .
The locale also posed problems for Hitchcock 's traditional cameo appearance .
Gregory Peck plays amnesiac Dr. Anthony Edwardes under the treatment of analyst Dr. Peterson ( Ingrid Bergman ) , who falls in love with him while trying to unlock his repressed past .
According to Hitchcock , in his book-length interview with François Truffaut , Selznick sold the director , the two stars ( Grant and Bergman ) and the screenplay ( by Ben Hecht ) to RKO Radio Pictures as a " package " for $ 500,000 due to cost overruns on Selznick 's Duel in the Sun ( 1946 ) .
It was a huge box office success and has remained one of Hitchcock 's most acclaimed films .
After completing his final film for Selznick , The Paradine Case ( a courtroom drama that critics found lost momentum because it apparently ran too long and exhausted its resource of ideas ) , Hitchcock filmed his first colour film , Rope ( 1948 ) .
Hitchcock used those points to hide the cut , and began the next take with the camera in the same place .
Hitchcock used several prominent British actors , including Michael Wilding , Richard Todd , and Alastair Sim .
He approached Dashiell Hammett to write the dialogue but Raymond Chandler took over , then left over disagreements with the director .
He suggests that two people , each wishing to do away with someone , should each perform the other 's murder .
Fonda plays a Stork Club musician mistaken for a liquor store thief who is arrested and tried for robbery while his wife ( newcomer Vera Miles ) emotionally collapses under the strain .
Topaz ( 1969 ) , based on a Leon Uris novel , is partly set in Cuba .
Yet Patrick McGilligan wrote that Breen and others often realised that Hitchcock was inserting such things and were actually amused as well as alarmed by Hitchcock 's " inescapable inferences " .
It relates the escapades of " Madam " Blanche Tyler , played by Barbara Harris , a fraudulent spiritualist , and her taxi driver lover Bruce Dern , making a living from her phoney powers .
For example , he is seen struggling to get a double bass onto a train ( Strangers on a Train ) , or walking dogs out of a pet shop ( The Birds ) , as a shadow ( Family Plot ) and sitting at a table in a photograph ( Dial M for Murder ) .
In North by Northwest ( 1959 ) , Roger Thornhill ( Cary Grant 's character ) is an innocent man ridiculed by his mother for insisting that shadowy , murderous men are after him .
Hitchcock heroines tend to be lovely , cool blondes who seem proper at first but , when aroused by passion or danger , respond in a more sensual , animal , or even criminal way .
After the scene was filmed , the publicity department asked Hitchcock to make storyboards to promote the film and Hitchcock in turn hired an artist to match the scenes in detail .
Even when storyboards were made , scenes that were shot differed from it significantly .
Equally important is Hitchcock 's tendency to shoot alternate takes of scenes .
Rather they represented Hitchcock 's tendency of giving himself options in the editing room , where he would provide advice to his editors after viewing a rough cut of the work .
His irony - tinged voice and signature droll delivery , gallows humour , iconic image and mannerisms became instantly recognisable and were often the subject of parody .
The long-running detective series was created by Robert Arthur , who wrote the first several books , although other authors took over after he left the series .
The Three Investigators — Jupiter Jones , Bob Andrews and Peter Crenshaw — were amateur detectives , slightly younger than the Hardy Boys .
[[809]]
However , this name is used to refer to the brown vine snake , Ahaetulla pulverulenta , a slender , arboreal species that grows to five feet ( 152 cm ) at most and feeds only on small vertebrates .
These languages are spoken in a wide arc stretching from northeast Asia through Central Asia to Anatolia and eastern Europe ( Turks , Kalmyks ) .
These language families share numerous characteristics .
The expanded grouping , including Korean and Japanese , came to be known as " Macro-Altaic " , leading to the designation of the smaller grouping as " Micro-Altaic " by retronym y. Most proponents of Altaic continue to support the inclusion of Korean and Japanese .
Von Strahlenberg 's classification was the first attempt at classification of a large number of languages some of which are Altaic .
According to Roy Andrew Miller ( 1996 : 98-99 ) , the Clauson – Doerfer critique of Altaic relies exclusively on lexicon , whereas the fundamental evidence for Altaic consists in verb al morphology .
The first Tungusic language to be attested is Jurchen , the language of the ancestors of the Manchus .
A writing system for it was devised in 1119 AD and an inscription using this system is known from 1185 ( see List of Jurchen inscriptions ) .
The earliest Para-Mongolic text is the Memorial for Yelu Yanning , written in the Khitan Large Script and dated to 986 AD .
This would make it a language family about as old as Indo-European ( 4000 to 7,000 BC according to several hypotheses cited in Mallory 1997 : 106 ) but considerably younger than Afroasiatic ( c. 10,000 BC according to Diakonoff 1988 : 33n , 11,000 to 16,000 BC according to Ehret 2002 : 35 – 36 ) .
4 Before .
( Starostin et al. 2003:91 ) The table below is taken from Starostin et al. ( 2003 ) : 1 When preceded by a bilabial consonant .
3 Compare Baekje * / turak / " stone " ( Blažek 2006 ) .
4 This is in the Jurchen language .
( Perhaps the most famous cases are Japanese and Korean , which have two complete sets of numerals each – one native , one Chinese . )
4 is probably a contraction of - / ubu / - .
12 " ( the prefixed i - is somewhat unclear : it is also used as a separate word meaning ‘ fifty ’ , but the historical root here is no doubt * tu - ) " ( Starostin et al. 2003:223 ) .
16 in Early Middle Korean ( タリクニ / チリクヒ in 二中歴 ) .
22 Starostin et al. ( 2003 ) suspect this to be a reduplication : " 20 + 20 " .
25 Also see Tümen .
In mathematics , the axiom of choice , or AC , is an axiom of set theory equivalent to the statement that " the product of a collection of non-empty sets is non-empty " .
Usage Until the late 19th century , the axiom of choice was often used implicitly , although it had not yet been formally stated .
The number of boxes is finite , so eventually our choice procedure comes to an end .
The axiom of choice produces these intangibles ( objects that are proven to exist , but which can not be explicitly constructed ) , which may conflict with some philosophical principles .
Statements in this class include the statement that P = NP , the Riemann hypothesis , and many other unsolved mathematical problems .
Equivalents There are important statements that , assuming the axioms of ZF but neither AC nor ¬ AC , are equivalent to the axiom of choice .
Category theory There are several results in category theory which invoke the axiom of choice for their proof .
These axioms are sufficient for many proofs in elementary mathematical analysis , and are consistent with some principles , such as the Lebesgue measurability of all sets of reals , that are disprovable from the full axiom of choice .
Other choice axioms weaker than axiom of choice include the Boolean prime ideal theorem and the axiom of uniformization .
We will abbreviate " Zermelo-Fraenkel set theory plus the negation of the axiom of choice " by ZF ¬ C. For certain models of ZF ¬ C , it is possible to prove the negation of some standard facts .
– 453 ) , frequently referred to as Attila the Hun , was the ruler of the Huns from 434 until his death in 453 .
Maenchen-Helfen suggests an East Germanic origin and rejects a Turkic etymology : " Attila is formed from Gothic or Gepidic atta , " father " , by means of the diminutive suffix - ila . "
Although he was obviously biased by his political position , his writing is a major source for the life of Attila and he is the only person known to have recorded a physical description of him .
He was the author of an eight-volume work of history covering the period from 434 to 452 .
The Hungarian writers of the 12th century , wishing to portray the Huns in a positive light as their glorious ancestors , repressed certain historical elements and added their own legends .
Their main military techniques were mounted archer y and javelin throwing .
While the Huns were the indirect source of many of the Romans ' problems by driving various Germanic tribes into Roman territory , relations between the two empires were cordial : the Romans used the Huns as mercenaries against the Germans and even in their civil wars .
In 440 they reappeared in force on the borders of the Roman Empire , attacking the merchants at the market on the north bank of the Danube that had been established by the treaty .
Believing he could defeat the Huns , he refused the Hunnish kings ' demands .
The Roman army under the Gothic magister militum Arnegisclus met him in the Battle of the Utus and was defeated , though not without inflicting heavy losses .
... And there were so many murders and blood-lettings that the dead could not be numbered .
He accepted , asking for half of the western Empire as dowry .
Attila interfered in a succession struggle after the death of a Frankish ruler .
( The location and identity of these kings is not known and subject to conjecture . )
By this point disease and starvation may have broken out in Attila 's camp , thus helping to stop his invasion .
In reality , Italy had suffered from a terrible famine in 451 and her crops were faring little better in 452 ; Attila 's devastating invasion of the plains of northern Italy this year did not improve the harvest .
Legend says that he was laid to rest in a triple coffin made of gold , silver , and iron , along with some of the spoils of his conquests .
Lampert of Hersfeld 's contemporary chronicles report that shortly before the year 1071 , the Sword of Attila had been presented to Otto of Nordheim by the exiled queen of Hungary , Anastasia of Kiev .
According to a version of this legend related in the Chronicon Pictum , a mediaeval Hungarian chronicle , the Pope promised Attila that if he left Rome in peace , one of his successors would receive a holy crown ( which has been understood as referring to the Holy Crown of Hungary ) Some histories and chronicles describe him as a great and noble king , and he plays major roles in three Norse sagas : Atlakviða , Völsungasaga , and Atlamál .
Frutolf of Michelsberg and Otto of Freising pointed out that some songs as " vulgar fables " made Theoderic the Great , Attila and Ermanaric contemporaries , when any reader of Jordanes knew that this was not the case .
American writer Cecelia Holland wrote The Death of Attila ( 1973 ) , a historical novel in which Attila appears as a powerful background figure whose life and death deeply impact the protagonists , a young Hunnish warrior and a Germanic one .
JPG | Attila in a museum in Hungary File : Attila 01 .
jpg | The Meeting of Leo I and Attila by Alessandro Algardi .

The sea was traditionally known as Archipelago ( in Greek , Αρχιπέλαγος , meaning " chief sea " ) , but in English this word 's meaning has changed to refer to the Aegean Islands and , generally , to any island group .
The Aegean Islands are found within its waters , with the following islands delimiting the sea on the south ( generally from west to east ) : Kythera , Antikythera , Crete , Kasos , Karpathos and Rhodes .
The larger islands have some fertile valleys and plains .
Alex skips school the next day .
Following an unexpected visit from P. R. Deltoid , his " post-corrective advisor , " Alex meets a pair of ten-year-old girls and takes them back to his parents ' flat , where he serves them scotch and soda , injects himself with hard drugs , and then rapes them .
The technique is a form of aversion therapy in which Alex receives an injection that makes him feel sick while watching graphically violent films , eventually conditioning him to suffer crippling bouts of nausea at the mere thought of violence .
One of Alexander 's radical associates manages to extract a confession from Alex after removing him from F. Alexander 's home and then locks him in a flatblock near his former home .
Alex is then subjected to a relentless barrage of classical music , prompting him to attempt suicide by leaping from a high window .
At the American publisher 's insistence , Burgess allowed their editors to cut the redeeming final chapter from the U.S. version , so that the tale would end on a darker note , with Alex succumbing to his violent , reckless nature — an ending which the publisher insisted would be ' more realistic ' and appealing to a U.S. audience .
The American version however was different .
Alex 's perspective is effective in that the way that he describes events is easy to relate to , even if the situations themselves are not .
Subliminal penetration . "
Some words are not derived from anything , but merely easy to guess , e.g. ' in-out , in-out ' or ' the old in-out ' means sexual intercourse .
In the first edition of the book , no key was provided , and the reader was left to interpret the meaning from the context .
In his appendix to the restored edition , Burgess explained that the slang would keep the book from seeming dated , and served to muffle " the raw response of pornography " from the acts of violence .
Banning and censorship history in the USA In 1976 , A Clockwork Orange was removed from an Aurora , Colorado high school due to " objectionable language " .
Writer 's dismissal In 1985 , Burgess published Flame into Being : The Life and Work of D. H. Lawrence , and while discussing Lady Chatterley 's Lover in his biography , Burgess compared that novel 's notoriety with A Clockwork Orange : " We all suffer from the popular desire to make the known notorious .
In 2003 , Los Angeles director Brad Mays and the ARK Theatre Company staged a multi-media adaptation of A Clockwork Orange , which was named " Pick Of The Week " by the LA Weekly and nominated for three of the 2004 LA Weekly Theater Award s : Direction , Revival Production ( of a 20th-century work ) , and Leading Female Performance .
It comprises the northern part of the Randstad , one of the larger conurbation s in Europe , with a population of approximately 7 million .
In 2010 , Amsterdam was ranked 13th globally on quality of living by Mercer , and previously ranked 3rd in innovation by 2thinknow in the Innovation Cities Index 2009 .
In October 2008 , historical geographer Chris de Bont suggested that the land around Amsterdam was being reclaimed as early as the late 10th century .
These companies acquired overseas possessions that later became Dutch colonies .
In 1602 , the Amsterdam office of the Dutch East India Company became the world 's first stock exchange by trading in its own shares .
In 1906 , Joseph Conrad gave a brief description of Amsterdam as seen from the seaside , in .
Most of the trees in Amsterdam were cut down for fuel , and all the wood was taken from the apartments of deported Jews .
Because of the war and other incidents of the 20th century , almost the entire city centre had fallen into disrepair .
Meanwhile , large private organisations , such as Stadsherstel Amsterdam , were founded with the aim of restoring the entire city centre .
In the 16th and 17th century non-Dutch immigrants to Amsterdam were mostly Huguenot s , Flemings , Sephardi Jews and Westphalia ns .
In the 1960s guest workers from Turkey , Morocco , Italy and Spain emigrated to Amsterdam .
Young professionals and artists moved into neighbourhoods de Pijp and the Jordaan abandoned by these Amsterdammers .
In 1578 the previously Roman Catholic city of Amsterdam joined the revolt against Spanish rule , late in comparison to other major northern Dutch cities .
Cityscape and architecture Amsterdam fans out south from the Amsterdam Centraal railway station .
The eastern part of the concentric canal plan , covering the area between the Amstel river and the IJ bay , has never been implemented .
Although the plan did not expand the city , it did produce some of the largest public buildings to date , like the Paleis voor Volksvlijt .
After the Second World War , large new neighbourhoods were built in the western , southeastern , and northern parts of the city .
These new neighbourhoods were built to relieve the city 's shortage of living space and give people affordable houses with modern conveniences .
This roughly coincided with Amsterdam ’s Golden Age .
A famous building in baroque style in Amsterdam is the Royal Palace on Dam Square .
Amstelpark in the Zuid borough houses the Rieker windmill , which dates to 1636 .
Other parks include Sarphatipark in the De Pijp neighborhood , Oosterpark in the Oost borough , and Westerpark in the Westerpark neighborhood .
The namesake of the city as the site of the original dam , Dam Square , is the main town square and has the Royal Palace and National Monument .
The first is the area surrounding Amsterdam Sloterdijk railway station , where several newspapers like De Telegraaf have their offices .
Some hotels offer special arrangements or activities during these years .
But as the Negen Straatjes are dominated by fashion stores the Haarlemmerstraat and Haarlemmerdijk offer a very wide variety of all kinds of stores , just to name some specialties : candy and other food related stores , lingerie , sneakers , wedding clothing , interior shops , books , Italian deli 's , racing and mountain bikes , skatewear , etc. .
The city also features a large number of open-air markets such as the Albert Cuypmarkt , Westerstraat-markt , Ten Katemarkt , and Dappermarkt .
In the 19th century , popular culture was centred around the Nes area in Amsterdam ( mainly vaudeville and music-hall ) .
The southwestern border of the Museum Square is the Van Baerlestraat , which is a major thoroughfare in this part of Amsterdam .
To the southeast of the square are situated a number of large houses , one of which contains the American consulate .
Het Museumplein is covered almost entirely with a lawn , except for the northeastern part of the square which is covered with gravel .
Aside from paintings , the collection consists of a large variety of decorative art .
Its purpose is to house temporary exhibitions of the museum .
This is Amsterdam 's largest museum concerning modern art .
They range from small museums such as the Verzetsmuseum ( Resistance Museum ) , the Anne Frank Huis ( Anne Frank House ) , and the Rembrandthuis ( Rembrandt House ) , to the very large , like the Tropenmuseum ( Museum of the Tropics ) , Amsterdam Museum ( formerly known as " Amsterdams Historisch Museum " , Amsterdam Historical Museum ) , Hermitage Amsterdam ( a dependency of the Hermitage Museum of Saint Petersburg ) and the Joods Historisch Museum ( Jewish Historical Museum ) .
Music The Heineken Music Hall is a concert hall located near the Amsterdam ArenA .
Each year in October , the city hosts the Amsterdam Dance Event ( ADE ) which is one of the leading electronic music conferences and one of the biggest club festivals for electronic music in the world .
The building contains three hall s , Grote Zaal , Kleine Zaal , and Spiegelzaal .
The opera house of Amsterdam is situated adjacent to the city hall .
This word is derived from the Dutch words stadhuis ( city hall ) and opera .
This huge modern complex , opened in 1986 , lies in the former Jewish neighbourhood at Waterlooplein next to the river Amstel .
The current building dates from 1894 .
Contemporary popular artists are Youp van ' t Hek , Freek de Jonge , Herman Finkers , Hans Teeuwen , Theo Maassen , Herman van Veen , Najib Amhali , Raoul Heertje , Jörgen Raymann , Brigitte Kaandorp and Comedytrain .
The English spoken comedy scene was established with the founding of Boom Chicago in 1993 .
They range from large and modern to small and cozy .
The typical Bruine Kroeg ( brown café ) breathe a more old fashioned atmosphere with dimmed lights , candles , and somewhat older clientele .
Many restaurants can be found in Amsterdam as well .
Since Amsterdam is a multicultural city , a lot of different ethnic restaurants can be found .
Restaurants range from being rather luxurious and expensive to being ordinary and affordable .
The Paradiso , Melkweg and Sugar Factory are cultural centres , which turn into discothèques on some nights .
Bimhuis located near the Central Station , with its rich programming hosting the best in the field is considered one of the best jazz clubs in the world .
The city holds the Dam to Dam Run , a 10-mile race from Amsterdam to Zaandam as well as the Amsterdam Marathon .
Colloquially , some areas within the municipality , such as the village of Durgerdam , may not be considered part of Amsterdam .
14 of those had their own council , chosen by a popular election .
Local decisions are made at borough level , and only affairs pertaining to the whole city , such as major infrastructure projects , are handled by the central city council .
Foreign embassies are also in The Hague .
These St Andrew 's crosses can also be found on the cityshields of neighbours Amstelveen and Ouder-Amstel .
Amsterdam is served by ten stations of the Nederlandse Spoorwegen ( Dutch Railways ) .
The stations for local services are : Lelylaan , RAI , Holendrecht , Muiderpoort and Science Park .
Schiphol was , in 2010 , the fourth busiest airport in the world measured by international passengers .
Amsterdam is noted for having five independent grammar schools ( Dutch : gymnasia ) , the Vossius Gymnasium , Barlaeus Gymnasium , St. Ignatius Gymnasium , Het 4e Gymnasium and the Cygnus Gymnasium where a classical curriculum including Latin and classical Greek is taught .
The city also has various colleges ranging from art and design to politics and economics which are mostly also available for students coming from other countries .
History Birth of the company and its name Originally , in 1885 , automobile company Wanderer was established , later becoming a branch of Audi AG .
His former partners sued him for trademark infringement , and the German Supreme Court ( Reichsgericht in Berlin ) , finally determined that the Horch brand belonged to his former company .
Audi cars of that era were luxurious cars equipped with special bodywork .
In 1932 , Audi merged with Horch , DKW , and Wanderer , to form Auto Union .
Before World War II , Auto Union used the four interlinked rings that make up the Audi badge today , representing these four brands .
It was only ten years later , after the company had attracted an investor that funds became available for construction of major car plant at the Ingolstadt head office site .
In 1964 , Volkswagen acquired a 50 % holding in the business , which included the new factory in Ingolstadt and the trademark rights of the Auto Union .
Eighteen months later , Volkswagen bought complete control of Ingolstadt , and by 1966 were using the spare capacity of the Ingolstadt plant to assemble an additional 60,000 Volkswagen Beetles per year .
Fearing that the company 's heritage would disappear underneath VW badge engineering , Auto Union engineers under the leadership of Ludwig Kraus developed the first Audi 100 in secret , without Nordhoff 's knowledge .
In the 1950s , NSU had been the world 's largest manufacturer of motorcycles , but had moved on to produce small cars like the NSU Prinz , the TT and TTS versions of which are still popular as vintage race cars .
The Audi 50 was a seminal design because it was the first incarnation of the Golf/Polo concept , one that led to a hugely successful world car .
This effort was in-line with the company 's heritage from the 1930s racing era Silver Arrows .
Most obvious was the new grille that was now incorporated in the bonnet .
At the time , NHTSA was investigating 50 car models from 20 manufacturers for sudden surges of power .
With the series of recall campaigns , Audi made several modifications ; the first adjusted the distance between the brake and accelerator pedal on automatic-transmission models .
A legacy of the Audi 5000 and other reported cases of sudden unintended acceleration are intricate gear stick patterns and brake interlock mechanisms to prevent inadvertent shifting into forward or reverse .
– with resale values falling dramatically .
Audi manufactures vehicles in seven plants around the world , some of which are shared with other VW Group marques although many sub-assemblies such as engines and transmissions are manufactured within other Volkswagen Group plants .
The LEDs are present on some Audi billboard s. Since 2010 , Audi has also offered the LED technology in low - and high-beam headlights .
In 1987 , Walter Röhrl claimed the title for Audi setting a new Pikes Peak International Hill Climb record of 10:47.85 in his Audi S1 , which he had retired from the WRC two years earlier .
Audi 's other R18 hybrid took second , while R18 ultras took third and fifth .
More recently , however , Audi has updated the tagline to " Truth in Engineering " in the U.S. TypographyAudi Sans ( based on Univers Extended ) was originally created in 1997 by Ole Schäfer for MetaDesign .
MetaDesign was later commissioned for a new corporate typeface called Audi Type , designed by Paul van der Laan and Pieter van Rosmalen of Bold Monday .
For almost two decades Audi fosters golf sport : for example with the Audi quattro Cup and the HypoVereinsbank Ladies German Open presented by Audi .
A prototypical dashboard figure – later named " Wackel-Elvis " ( " Wobble Elvis " or " Wobbly Elvis " ) – appeared in the commercials to demonstrate the smooth ride in an Audi equipped with the multitronic transmission .
Huge powered aerostats , characterized by a rigid outer framework and separate aerodynamic skin surrounding the gas bags , were produced , the Zeppelin s being the largest and most famous .
Nowadays a " balloon " is an unpowered aerostat , whilst an " airship " is a powered one .
During the Second World War , this shape was widely adopted for tethered balloons ; in windy weather , this both reduces the strain on the tether and stabilizes the balloon .
This dynamic movement through the air is the origin of the term aerodyne .
Besides the method of propulsion , fixed-wing aircraft are in general characterized by their wing configuration .
For a glider to maintain its forward air speed and lift , it must descend in relation to the air ( but not necessarily in relation to the ground ) .
A wing-shaped hybrid balloon can glide directionally when rising or falling ; but a spherically shaped balloon does not have such directional control .
The propeller is usually mounted in front of the power source in tractor configuration but can be mounted behind in pusher configuration .
RotorcraftSome rotorcraft , such as helicopter s , have a powered rotary wing or rotor , where the rotor disc can be angled slightly forward so that a proportion of its lift is directed forwards .
For many types of aircraft the design process is regulated by national airworthiness authorities .
The fuselage typically also carries a tail or empennage for stability and control , and an undercarriage for takeoff and landing .
Engines may be located on the fuselage or wings .
For an unpowered aircraft , the maximum flight time is limited by factors such as weather conditions and pilot endurance .
Impact and use In general , aircraft have positive properties as they permit long distance , high speed travel and are often reasonably efficient .
Aircraft are produced in several different types optimized for various uses ; military aircraft , which includes not just combat types but many types of supporting aircraft , and civil aircraft , which include all non-military types , experimental and model .
Military aircraft can be either combat or non-combat : Most military aircraft are powered heavier-than-air types .

He was the inventor of dynamite .
He used his fortune to posthumously institute the Nobel Prize s. The synthetic element nobelium was named after him .
In 1859 , Nobel 's father left his factory in the care of the second son , Ludvig Nobel ( 1831 – 1888 ) , who greatly improved the business .
Dogged by more minor accidents but unfazed , Nobel went on to build further factories , focusing on improving the stability of the explosives he was developing .
Nobel was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1884 , the same institution that would later select laureates for two of the Nobel prizes , and he received an honorary doctorate from Uppsala University in 1893 .
He remained a solitary character , given to periods of depression .
Despite the lack of formal secondary and tertiary level education , Nobel gained proficiency in six languages : Swedish , French , Russian , English , German and Italian .
In 2010 it was published in Russia as another bilingual ( Russian – Esperanto ) edition .
Nobel demonstrated his explosive for the first time that year , at a quarry in Redhill , Surrey , England .
An off-shoot of this research resulted in Nobel 's invention of ballistite , the precursor of many modern smokeless powder explosives and still used as a rocket propellant .
Nobel Prizes In 1888 Alfred 's brother Ludvig died while visiting Cannes and a French newspaper erroneously published Alfred 's obituary .
For many years , the Swedish Academy interpreted " ideal " as " idealistic " ( ) and used it as a reason not to give the prize to important but less Romantic authors , such as Henrik Ibsen and Leo Tolstoy .
In his one-page testament , he stipulated that the money go to discoveries or inventions in the physical sciences and to discoveries or improvements in chemistry .
In 2001 , Alfred Nobel 's great-grandnephew , Peter Nobel ( b. 1931 ) , asked the Bank of Sweden to differentiate its award to economists given " in Alfred Nobel 's memory " from the five other awards .
He had two brothers : Melville James Bell ( 1845 – 70 ) and Edward Charles Bell ( 1848 – 67 ) .
His father published a variety of works on the subject , several of which are still well known , especially his The Standard Elocutionist ( 1860 ) , which appeared in Edinburgh in 1868 .
Aleck was fascinated by the machine and after he obtained a copy of von Kempelen 's book , published in German , and had laboriously translated it , he and his older brother Melville built their own automaton head .
While his brother constructed the throat and larynx , Aleck tackled the more difficult task of recreating a realistic skull .
His efforts resulted in a remarkably lifelike head that could " speak " , albeit only a few words .
Helping his father in Visible Speech demonstrations and lectures brought Bell to Susanna E. Hull 's private school for the deaf in South Kensington , London .
For his work , Bell was awarded the title of Honorary Chief and participated in a ceremony where he donned a Mohawk headdress and danced traditional dances .
Traveling to Boston in April 1871 , Bell proved successful in training the school 's instructors .
While he was working as a private tutor , one of his most famous pupils was Helen Keller , who came to him as a young child unable to see , hear , or speak .
Mabel was a bright , attractive girl who was ten years his junior but became the object of Bell 's affection .
In 1874 , telegraph message traffic was rapidly expanding and in the words of Western Union President William Orton , had become " the nervous system of commerce " .
Patent matters would be handled by Hubbard 's patent attorney , Anthony Pollok .
Henry replied that Bell had " the germ of a great invention " .
When Bell said that he did not have the necessary knowledge , Henry replied , " Get it ! "
Meanwhile , Elisha Gray was also experimenting with acoustic telegraphy and thought of a way to transmit speech using a water transmitter .
Bell was in Boston on February 14 and did not arrive in Washington until February 26 .
Bell 's patent covered " the method of , and apparatus for , transmitting vocal or other sounds telegraphically ... by causing electrical undulations , similar in form to the vibrations of the air accompanying the said vocal or other sound " Bell returned to Boston the same day and the next day resumed work , drawing in his notebook a diagram similar to that in Gray 's patent caveat .
Vibration of the diaphragm caused a needle to vibrate in the water , varying the electrical resistance in the circuit .
Although Bell was , and still is , accused of stealing the telephone from Gray , Bell used Gray 's water transmitter design only after Bell 's patent was granted and only as a proof of concept scientific experiment to prove to his own satisfaction that intelligible " articulate speech " ( Bell 's words ) could be electrically transmitted .
Bell pointed to a variable resistance device in Bell 's previous application in which Bell described a cup of mercury , not water .
In addition , Gray abandoned his caveat , and because Gray did not contest Bell 's priority , the Examiner approved Bell 's patent on March 3 , 1876 .
These experiments clearly proved that the telephone could work over long distances .
With a change in administration and charges of conflict of interest ( on both sides ) arising from the original trial , the US Attorney General dropped the lawsuit on November 30 , 1897 leaving several issues undecided on the merits .
Shortly thereafter , the newlyweds embarked on a year-long honeymoon in Europe .
The courtship had begun years earlier ; however , Alexander waited until he was more financially secure before marrying .
That summer , the Bells had a vacation on Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia , spending time at the small village of Baddeck .
Bell would spend his final , and some of his most productive , years in residence in both Washington , D.C. , where he and his family initially resided for most of the year , and at Beinn Bhreagh .
According to one of his biographers , Charlotte Gray , Bell 's work ranged " unfettered across the scientific landscape " and he often went to bed voraciously reading the Encyclopædia Britannica , scouring it for new areas of interest .
The range of Bell 's inventive genius is represented only in part by the 18 patents granted in his name alone and the 12 he shared with his collaborators .
Bell 's own home used a primitive form of air conditioning , in which fans blew currents of air across great blocks of ice .
In a magazine interview published shortly before his death , he reflected on the possibility of using solar panel s to heat houses .
Both men later became full associates in the Volta Laboratory Association .
Bell 's own detailed account , presented to the American Association for the Advancement of Science in 1882 , differs in several particulars from most of the many and varied versions now in circulation , most notably by concluding that extraneous metal was not to blame for failure to locate the bullet .
The extent of the [ area that produced a response from the detector ] having been so small , as compared with the area of the bed , it seemed reasonable to conclude that the steel mattress had produced no detrimental effect . "
Based on information gained from that article he began to sketch concepts of what is now called a hydrofoil boat .
Pinaud soon took over the boatyard at Bell Laboratories on Beinn Bhreagh , Bell 's estate near Baddeck , Nova Scotia .
However , the AEA had depleted its initial reserves and only a $ 15,000 grant from Mrs. Bell allowed it to continue with experiments .
The Volta Prize was conceived by Napoleon Bonaparte in 1801 , and named in honor of Alessandro Volta , with Bell receiving the third grand prize in its history .
Bell had also been afflicted with pernicious anemia .
[[854]]
In the Byzantine Empire , the Anatolic Theme ( Aνατολικόν θέμα ) was a theme covering the western and central parts of Turkey 's present-day Central Anatolia Region .
One of the numerous cuneiform records dated circa 20th century BC , found in Anatolia at the Assyrian colony of Kanesh , uses an advanced system of trading computations and credit lines .
The Egyptians eventually withdrew from the region after failing to gain the upper hand over the Hittites , and becoming wary of the power of Assyria , which had destroyed the Mitanni Empire .
Ancient Anatolia is subdivided by modern scholars into various regions named after the various Indo-European ( and largely Hittite , Luwian or Greek speaking ) peoples that occupied them , such as Lydia , Lycia , Caria , Mysia , Bithynia , Phrygia , Galatia , Lycaonia , Pisidia , Paphlagonia , Cilicia , and Cappadocia .
Semitic Arameans encroached over the borders of south central Anatolia in the century or so after the fall of the Hittite empire , and some of the Neo-Hittite states in this region became an amalgam of Hittites and Arameans .
Beginning with the Bronze Age collapse at the end of the 2nd millennium BC , the west coast of Anatolia was settled by Ionian Greeks , usurping the related but earlier Mycenaean Greeks .
From the late 8th century BC , a new wave of Indo-European-speaking raiders entered northern and northeast Anatolia , namely the Cimmerians and Scythians .
Anatolia was one of the first places where Christianity spread , so that by the 4th century AD , western and central Anatolia were overwhelmingly Christian and Greek-speaking .
Geography Geology Anatolia 's terrain is structurally complex .
png | Ankara ( central Anatolia ) image : Klima_antalya .
There are temperate broadleaf , mixed and coniferous forests .
Apple Inc. , formerly Apple Computer , Inc. , is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Cupertino , California that designs , develops , and sells consumer electronics , computer software and personal computers .
, the company had 72,800 permanent full-time employees and 3,300 temporary full-time employees worldwide .
By the end of the 1970s , Apple had a staff of computer designers and a production line .
Enormous resources were also invested in the problem-plagued Newton division based on John Sculley 's unrealistic market forecasts .
Apple had also begun to experiment in providing a Mac-only online portal which they called eWorld , developed in collaboration with America Online and designed as a Mac-friendly alternative to other online services such as CompuServe .
By August 7 , 2006 Apple had transitioned the entire Mac product line to Intel chips , over one year sooner than announced .
The iPad runs the same touch based operating system that the iPhone uses and many of the same iPhone apps are compatible with the iPad .
Later that year Apple again refreshed its iPod line of MP3 players which introduced a multi-touch iPod Nano , iPod Touch with FaceTime , and iPod Shuffle with buttons which brought back the buttons of earlier generations .
In October 2010 , Apple shares hit an all-time high , eclipsing $ 300 .
On July 24 , 2012 , during a conference call with investors , Tim Cook said that he loved India , but that Apple was going to expect larger opportunities outside of India , citing the reason as the 30 % sourcing requirement from India .
In January 2013 , Cook stated that he expected China to overtake the US as Apple 's biggest market .
Products Mac Apple sells a variety of computer accessories for Macs , including Thunderbolt Display , Magic Mouse , Magic Trackpad , Wireless Keyboard , Battery Charger , the AirPort wireless networking products , and Time Capsule .
The original iPhone was released on June 29 , 2007 for $ 499 ( 4 GB ) and $ 599 ( 8 GB ) with an AT&T contract .
It features the Apple A5 processor , and is the first model offered by Sprint ( joining AT&T and Verizon Wireless as the United States carriers offering iPhone models ) .
On September 1 , 2010 , alongside the release of the new line of iPod devices for the year , Apple released a completely redesigned Apple TV .
The new device is 1/4 the size , runs quieter , and replaces the need for a hard drive with media streaming from any iTunes library on the network along with 8 GB of flash memory to cache media downloaded .
It also offers iOS device backup , and is able to integrate directly with third-party apps for even greater functionality .
Mac users would meet at the European Apple Expo and the San Francisco Macworld Conference & Expo trade shows where Apple traditionally introduced new products each year to the industry and public until Apple pulled out of both events .
While the conferences continue , Apple does not have official representation there .
The New York City Fifth Avenue " Cube " store had a line as long as half a mile ; a few Mac fans took the opportunity of the setting to propose marriage .
The research indicated that this correlation could stem from the fact that on average Apple Inc. products are more expensive than other PC products .
The new campus , also in Cupertino , will be about east of the current campus .
The facility , which opened in 1980 , was Apple 's first location outside of the United States .
The company will build a new office block on its Hollyhill Campus to accommodate the additional staff .
According to a 2011 report in Fortune , this has resulted in a corporate culture more akin to a startup rather than a multinational corporation .
As an example , when iOS senior vice president Scott Forstall refused to sign Apple 's official apology for numerous errors in the redesigned Maps app , he was forced to resign .
For instance , Ron Johnson who was Senior Vice President of Retail Operations until November 1 , 2011 , was responsible for site selection , in-store service , and store layout , yet he had no control of the inventory in his stores ( which is done company wide by then-COO and now CEO Tim Cook who has a background in supply-chain management ) .
Under the leadership of Tim Cook who joined the company in 1998 and ascended to his present position as CEO , Apple has developed an extremely efficient and effective supply chain which has been ranked as the world 's best for the four years 2007 – 2010 .
Environmental record Greenpeace has campaigned against Apple because of various environmental issues , including a global end-of-life take-back plan , non-recyclable hardware components and toxins within iPhone hardware .
In June 2009 , Apple 's iPhone 3GS was free of PVC , arsenic , BFRs and had an efficient power adapter .
Labor practices In 2006 , the Mail on Sunday reported on the working conditions that existed at factories in China where the contract manufacturers Foxconn and Inventec produced the iPod .
In 2011 Apple admitted that its suppliers ' child labor practices in China had worsened .
The present day Aberdeenshire council area does not include the City of Aberdeen , now a separate council area , from which its name derives .
Some of the most well known and historically important trackway s are the Causey Mounth and Elsick Mounth .
Aberdeenshire also has rugged coastline to complete many sandy beaches , and is a hot spot for tourist activity throughout the year .
[[859]]
Aztlan Underground has been cultivating a grass roots audience across the country , which has become a large and loyal underground following .
It was nominated in the New Times 1998 " Best Latin Influenced " category , the BAM Magazine 1999 " Best Rock en Español " category , and the LA Weekly 1999 " Best Hip Hop " category .
Outgoing Democratic President James Buchanan and the incoming Republicans rejected secession as illegal .
The autumn 1862 Confederate campaign into Maryland ( a Union state ) ended with Confederate retreat at the Battle of Antietam , dissuading British intervention .
It remains the deadliest war in American history , resulting in the deaths of an estimated 750,000 soldiers and an undetermined number of civilian casualties .
The Republican Party was determined to prevent any spread of slavery , and many Southern leaders had threatened secession if the Republican candidate , Lincoln , won the 1860 election .
While not all Southerners saw themselves as fighting to preserve slavery , most of the officers and over a third of the rank and file in Lee 's army had close family ties to slavery .
The Republicans ' counterargument that slavery was the mainstay of the enemy steadily gained support , with the Democrats losing decisively in the 1863 elections in the northern state of Ohio when they tried to resurrect anti-black sentiment .
The 1857 Congressional rejection of the pro-slavery Lecompton Constitution was the first multi-party solid-North vote , and that solid vote was anti-slavery to support the democratic majority voting in the Kansas Territory .
The decision overturned the Missouri Compromise which banned slavery in territory north of the 36 ° 30 ' parallel .
Considering the relative weight given to causes of the Civil War by contemporary actors , historians such as Chandra Manning argue that both Union and Confederate fighting soldiers believed slavery to be the cause of the Civil War .
The Dred Scott Supreme Court decision of 1857 bolstered the Southern case within territories , and angered the North .
The Democrats in Congress , controlled by Southerners , wrote the tariff laws in the 1830s , 1840s , and 1850s , and kept reducing rates so that the 1857 rates were the lowest since 1816 .
The South had no complaints but the low rates angered Northern industrialists and factory workers , especially in Pennsylvania , who demanded protection for their growing iron industry .
Free Soilers and Republicans demanded a homestead law that would give government land to settlers ; it was defeated by Southerners who feared it would attract to the west European immigrants and poor Southern whites .
Of the states carved out of these territories by 1845 , all had entered the union as slave states : Louisiana , Missouri , Arkansas , Florida and Texas , as well as the southern portions of Alabama and Mississippi .
Moreover , Americans were informed by two well-established readings of the Constitution regarding human bondage : first , that the slave states had complete autonomy over the institution within their boundaries , and second , that the domestic slave trade – trade among the states – was immune to federal interference .
Douglas proclaimed the doctrine of territorial or " popular " sovereignty , which declared that the settlers in a territory had the same rights as states in the Union to establish or disestablish slavery – a purely local matter .
Previous regional independence movements such as the Greek revolt in the Ottoman Empire , division and redivision in the Latin American political map , and the British-French Crimean triumph leading to an interest in redrawing Europe along cultural differences , all conspired to make for a time of upheaval and uncertainty about the basis of the nation-state .
Secession winterBefore Lincoln took office , seven states had declared their secession from the Union .
These seven states formed the Confederate States of America ( February 4 , 1861 ) , with Jefferson Davis as president , and a governmental structure closely modeled on the U.S. Constitution .
After Virginia 's secession , a Unionist government in Wheeling asked 48 counties to vote on an ordinance to create a new state on October 24 , 1861 .
The South sent delegations to Washington and offered to pay for the federal properties and enter into a peace treaty with the United States .
Unlike Buchanan who allowed commanders to relinquish possession to avoid bloodshed , Lincoln required Maj. Anderson to hold on until fired upon .
Anderson gave a conditional reply which the Confederate government rejected , and Davis ordered Beauregard to attack the fort before a relief expedition could arrive .
Mobilization As the first seven states began organizing a Confederacy in Montgomery , the entire US army numbered 16,000 , however Northern governors had begun to mobilize their militias .
In the first year of the war , both sides had far more volunteers than they could effectively train and equip .
Its mission was to blockade Confederate ports , take control of the river system , defend against Confederate raiders on the high seas , and be ready for a possible war with the British Royal Navy .
Union blockade By early 1861 , General Winfield Scott had devised the Anaconda Plan to win the war with as little bloodshed as possible .
King Cotton " was dead , as the South could export less than 10 % of its cotton .
By June 1861 , warships were stationed off the principal Southern ports , and a year later nearly 300 ships were in service .
Ulysses Grant used river transport and Andrew Foote 's gunboats of the Western Flotilla to threaten the Confederacy 's " Gilbraltar of the West " at Columbus , Kentucky .
Alarmed at the loss , and in an attempt to prevent more slave states from leaving the Union , the U.S. Congress passed the Crittenden-Johnson Resolution on July 25 of that year , which stated that the war was being fought to preserve the Union and not to end slavery .
Grant made his headquarters with the Army of the Potomac , and put Maj. Gen. William Tecumseh Sherman in command of most of the western armies .
Grant devised a coordinated strategy that would strike at the entire Confederacy from multiple directions .
Generals George Meade and Benjamin Butler were ordered to move against Lee near Richmond , General Franz Sigel ( and later Philip Sheridan ) were to attack the Shenandoah Valley , General Sherman was to capture Atlanta and march to the sea ( the Atlantic Ocean ) , Generals George Crook and William W. Averell were to operate against railroad supply lines in West Virginia , and Maj. Gen. Nathaniel P. Banks was to capture Mobile , Alabama .
Sherman 's army was followed by thousands of freed slaves ; there were no major battles along the March .
The Confederate capital fell to the Union XXV Corps , composed of black troops .
Confederacy surrenders Lee surrendered his Army of Northern Virginia on April 9 , 1865 , at the McLean House in the village of Appomattox Court House .
The Union , under Lincoln and Secretary of State William H. Seward worked to block this , and threatened war if any country officially recognized the existence of the Confederate States of America .
The Union victory in the Battle of Antietam caused them to delay this decision .
Confederate offers late in the war to end slavery in return for diplomatic recognition were not seriously considered by London or Paris .
ResultsHistorians have debated whether the Confederacy could have won the war .
Most scholars , such as James McPherson , argue that Confederate victory was at least possible .
The abundance of European cotton and the United Kingdom 's hostility to the institution of slavery , along with Lincoln 's Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico naval blockades , severely decreased any chance that either the United Kingdom or France would enter the war .
In 1861 , Lincoln worried that premature attempts at emancipation would mean the loss of the border states , and that " to lose Kentucky is nearly the same as to lose the whole game . "
Lincoln issued his preliminary Emancipation Proclamation on September 22 , 1862 , and his final Emancipation Proclamation on January 1 , 1863 .
Since the Emancipation Proclamation was based on the President 's war powers , it only included territory held by Confederates at the time .
By late 1864 , Lincoln was playing a leading role in getting Congress to vote for the Thirteenth Amendment , which made emancipation universal and permanent .
It comprised multiple complex methods to resolve the war , the most important of which were the three " Reconstruction Amendments " to the Constitution which remain in effect to the present time : the 13th ( 1865 ) , the 14th ( 1868 ) and the 15th ( 1870 ) .
In opposition paramilitary groups such as the first Ku Klux Klan used violence to thwart these efforts .
Many in the American South attempted to incorporate both black history and white perspectives .
While traditionally American films of the Civil War feature " brother versus brother " themes film treatments of the war are evolving to include African American characters .
His parents were working-class Lemko emigrants from Mikó ( now called Miková ) , located in today 's northeastern Slovakia , part of the former Austro-Hungarian Empire .
Warhol 's father immigrated to the United States in 1914 , and his mother joined him in 1921 , after the death of Warhol 's grandparents .
Warhol 's father worked in a coal mine .
Warhol 's painting of a can of Campbell 's soup cost $ 1,500 while each autographed can sold for $ 6 .
She authored the S.C.U.M. Manifesto , a separatist feminist attack on males .
Warhol also had an appreciation for intense Hollywood glamour .
He once said : " I love Los Angeles .
He was posed holding a small prayer book and a red rose .
Warhol 's will dictated that his entire estate — with the exception of a few modest legacies to family members — would go to create a foundation dedicated to the " advancement of the visual arts " .
His friends suggested he should paint the things he loved the most .
He loved celebrities , so he painted them as well .
The artist was famous for having said that all you need to know about him and his works is already there , " Just look at the surface of my paintings and films and me , and there I am .
His cow wallpaper ( literally , wallpaper with a cow motif ) and his oxidation paintings ( canvases prepared with copper paint that was then oxidized with urine ) are also noteworthy in this context .
The film was until recently thought to have been lost , until scenes from the picture were shown at some length in the 2006 documentary Jack Smith and the Destruction of Atlantis .
After the band 's first album , Warhol and band leader Lou Reed started to disagree more about the direction the band should take , and their artistic friendship ended .
One of his last works was a portrait of Aretha Franklin for the cover of her 1986 gold album Aretha , which was done in the style of the Reigning Queens series he had completed the year before .
Lou Reed wrote the song " Andy 's Chest " , about Valerie Solanas , the woman who shot Warhol , in 1968 .
Books and print Beginning in the early 1950s , Warhol produced several unbound portfolios of his work .
Producer and product Warhol had assistance in producing his paintings .
He founded the gossip magazine Interview , a stage for celebrities he " endorsed " and a business staffed by his friends .
In this respect Warhol was a fan of " Art Business " and " Business Art " — he , in fact , wrote about his interest in thinking about art as business in The Philosophy of Andy Warhol from A to B and Back Again .
Personal life Sexuality Warhol was gay .
Many of Warhol 's later works depicted religious subjects , including two series , Details of Renaissance Paintings ( 1984 ) and The Last Supper ( 1986 ) .
Actor Mark Bringleson makes a brief cameo as Warhol in Austin Powers : International Man of Mystery ( 1997 ) .
Guy Pearce portrayed Warhol in the 2007 film , Factory Girl , about Edie Sedgwick 's life .
In the 2012 film Men in Black III Andy Warhol turns out to really be undercover MIB Agent W ( played by Bill Hader ) .
Gus Van Sant was planning a version of Warhol 's life with River Phoenix in the lead role just before Phoenix 's death in 1993 .
[[868]]
His real name was Muhammad bin Dawud Chaghri , and for his military prowess , personal valour , and fighting skills he obtained the surname Alp Arslan , which means " Heroic Lion " in Turkish .
With the hope of capturing Caesarea Mazaca , the capital of Cappadocia , he placed himself at the head of the Turkish cavalry , crossed the Euphrates and entered and invaded the city .
Emperor Romanos IV was himself taken prisoner and conducted into the presence of Alp Arslan .
Suleiman ibn Kutalmish was the son of the contender for Arslan 's throne ; he was appointed governor of the north-western provinces and assigned to completing invasion of Anatolia .
With a powerful army he advanced to the banks of the Oxus .
Before he could pass the river with safety , however , it was necessary to subdue certain fortresses , one of which was for several days vigorously defended by the governor , Yussuf el-Harezmi , a Khwarezmian .

[[869]]
The original 22-member Board of Trustees included Chair Gregory Peck and Vice Chair Sidney Poitier as well as Francis Ford Coppola , Arthur Schlesinger , Jr. , Jack Valenti and other representatives from the arts and academia .
He was followed by Jean Picker Firstenberg who held the position of President and CEO from 1980 to 2007 .
AFI Conservatory In 1969 , the institute established the Center for Advanced Film Studies at Greystone , the Doheny Mansion in Beverly Hills , CA .
That program grew into the AFI Conservatory , a fully accredited graduate film school , located in the hills above Hollywood , CA .
Notable alumni Several AFI Alums have received both national and international recognition .
AFI Programs AFI Catalog of Feature Films The AFI Catalog of Feature Films , started in 1968 , is an online database that preserves the history of American film in encyclopedic detail .
In addition , Ten Moments of Significance , documenting the year ’s media milestones , are entered into an ongoing almanac .
Citizen Kane was voted the greatest American film twice .
AFI Film Festivals AFI operates two film festivals : AFI FEST in Los Angeles , CA , and AFI-Discovery Channel SILVERDOCS documentary festival in Silver Spring , MD. .
AFI Digital Content Lab The AFI Digital Content Lab is a research and development facility for digital media located on the LA campus .
[[872]]
was a Japanese film director , screenwriter , producer , and editor .
After years of working on numerous films as an assistant director and scriptwriter , he made his debut as a director in 1943 , during World War II with the popular action film Sanshiro Sugata ( a.k.a. Judo Saga ) .
The commercial and critical success of this film opened up Western film markets for the first time to the products of the Japanese film industry , which in turn led to international recognition for other Japanese filmmakers .
Posthumously , he was named " Asian of the Century " in the " Arts , Literature , and Culture " category by AsianWeek magazine and CNN , cited as " one of the [ five ] people who contributed most to the betterment of Asia in the past 100 years " .
In the aftermath of the Great Kantō earthquake of 1923 , which devastated Tokyo , Heigo took the 13-year-old Akira to view the devastation .
Some commentators have suggested that this incident would influence Kurosawa 's later artistic career , as the director was seldom hesitant to confront unpleasant truths in his work .
Heigo was academically gifted , but soon after failing to secure a place in Tokyo 's foremost high school , he began to detach himself from the rest of the family , preferring to concentrate on his interest in foreign literature .
With the increasing production of talking pictures in the early 1930s , film narrators like Heigo began to lose work , and Akira moved back in with his parents .
Kurosawa 's responsibilities increased , and he worked at tasks ranging from stage construction and film development to location scouting , script polishing , rehearsals , lighting , dubbing , editing and second-unit directing .
Shortly before his marriage , Kurosawa was pressured by the studio against his will to direct a sequel to his debut film .
Drunken Angel is often considered the director 's first major work .
Released in March 1949 , it was a box office success , but is generally considered one of the director 's lesser achievements .
( They would eventually write nine films together . )
Just one week was spent in hurried post-production , hampered by a studio fire , and the finished film premiered at Tokyo 's Imperial Theatre on August 25 , expanding nationwide the following day .
Contemporary reviews were very negative , but the film was a moderate success at the box office , largely because of the popularity of one of its stars , Setsuko Hara .
Meanwhile , unbeknownst to Kurosawa , Rashomon had been entered in the prestigious Venice Film Festival , due to the efforts of Giuliana Stramigioli , a Japan-based representative of an Italian film company , who had seen and admired the movie and convinced Daiei to submit it .
It remains the most acclaimed of all the artist 's films set in the modern era .
In December 1952 , Kurosawa took his Ikiru screenwriters , Shinobu Hashimoto and Hideo Oguni , for a forty-five day secluded residence at an inn to create the screenplay for his next movie , Seven Samurai .
( However , by Hollywood standards , it was a quite modestly budgeted production , even for that time ) .
The film received positive critical reaction and became a big hit , quickly making back the money invested in it and providing the studio with a product that they could , and did , market internationally — though with extensive edits .
The Bad Sleep Well , based on a script by Kurosawa 's nephew Mike Inoue , is a revenge drama about a young man who climbs the hierarchy of a corrupt Japanese company with the intention of exposing the men responsible for his father 's death .
Kurosawa turned to a script he had written before Yojimbo , reworking it to include the hero of his previous film .
Although he resists Red Beard initially , Yasumoto comes to admire his wisdom and courage , and to perceive the patients at the clinic , whom he at first despised , as worthy of compassion and dignity .
Observing the troubled state of the domestic film industry , and having already received dozens of offers from abroad , the idea of working outside Japan appealed to him as never before .
But the language barrier proved a major problem , and the English version of the screenplay was not even finished by the time filming was to begin in autumn 1966 .
The director chosen to film the American sequences turned out not to be the prestigious English filmmaker David Lean , as the producers had led Kurosawa to believe , but the much less celebrated special effects expert , Richard Fleischer .
Tora !
To his aid came friends and famed directors Keisuke Kinoshita , Masaki Kobayashi and Kon Ichikawa , who together with Kurosawa established in July 1969 a production company called the Club of the Four Knights ( Yonki no kai ) .
The suicide attempt proved unsuccessful and the director 's health recovered fairly quickly , with Kurosawa now taking refuge in domestic life , uncertain if he would ever direct another film .
While fearing that he might never be able to make another film , the director nevertheless continued working on various projects , writing scripts and creating detailed illustrations , intending to leave behind a visual record of his plans in case he would never be able to film his stories .
Lucas , enthralled by the screenplay and Kurosawa 's illustrations , leveraged his influence over 20th Century Fox to coerce the studio that had fired Kurosawa just ten years earlier to produce Kagemusha , then recruited fellow fan Francis Ford Coppola as co-producer .
Kurosawa spent much of the rest of the year in Europe and America promoting Kagemusha , collecting awards and accolades , and exhibiting as art the drawings he had made to serve as storyboards for the film .
The film world was shocked , however , when Japan passed over the film in favor of another as its official entry to compete for an Oscar nomination in the Best Foreign Film category .
Both the producer and Kurosawa himself attributed this to a misunderstanding : because of the Academy 's arcane rules , no one was sure whether Ran qualified as a Japanese film , a French film ( due to its financing ) , or both , so it was not submitted at all .
While putting finishing touches on the latter work in 1995 , Kurosawa slipped and broke the base of his spine .
His active participation extended from the initial concept to the editing and scoring of the final product .
Whichever members of this group happened to be working on a particular film would gather around a table , often at a hot-springs resort , where they would not be distracted by the outside world .
ShootingFor his early films , although they were consistently well photographed , Kurosawa generally used standard lenses and deep-focus photography .
The director claimed that he used these lenses and several cameras rolling at once to help the actors — allowing them to be photographed at some distance from the lens , and without any knowledge of which particular camera 's image would be utilized in the final cut — making their performances much more natural .
These three techniques — long lenses , multiple cameras and widescreen — were in later works fully exploited , even in sequences with little or no overt action , such as the early scenes of High and Low that take place in the central character 's home , in which they are employed to dramatize tensions and power relationships between the characters within a highly confined space .
Hiroshi Nezu , a longtime production supervisor on his films , said , " Among ourselves , we think that he is Toho 's best director , that he is Japan 's best scenarist , and that he is the best editor in the world .
After retiring as a director , Ishirō Honda returned more than 30 years later to work again for his friend and former mentor as a directorial advisor , production coordinator and creative consultant on Kurosawa 's last five films ( Kagemusha , Ran , Dreams , Rhapsody in August and Madadayo ) .
The effect is to stress the duration of Sanshiro 's departure .
The wipeA form of cinematic punctuation very strongly identified with Kurosawa is the wipe .
Nora Tennessen comments in her blog ( which shows one example ) that " the wipe technique makes [ the sequence ] funnier — images of bureaucrats are stacked like cards , each more punctilious than the last . "
One critic observes that , in Seven Samurai , " During episodes of murder and mayhem , birds chirp in the background , as they do in the first scene when the farmers lament their seemingly hopeless fate . "
Kurosawa locates the unexpected benefits no less than the tragedy of this historical moment .
The director himself once said , " I like hot summers , cold winters , heavy rains and snows , and I think most of my pictures show this .
The final battle [ in Seven Samurai ] is a supreme spiritual and physical struggle , and it is fought in a blinding rainstorm , which enables Kurosawa to visualize an ultimate fusion of social groups ... but this climactic vision of classlessness , with typical Kurosawan ambivalence , has become a vision of horror .
Prince claims that Kurosawa 's last epics , Kagemusha and particularly Ran , mark a major turning point in the director 's vision of the world .
Below are summarized some of the more common criticisms of the director , both those made generally and those that are primarily voiced in Japan .
In general In the early to mid-1950s , a number of critics belonging to the French New Wave championed the films of the older Japanese master , Kenji Mizoguchi , at the expense of Kurosawa 's work .
In one of Kurosawa 's last films , Rhapsody in August , an elderly survivor of the atomic attack on Nagasaki is visited by her half-Japanese , half-American nephew , Clark ( Richard Gere ) , who appears ( at least to some viewers ) to apologize , as an American , for the city 's wartime destruction .
In her commentary on the deluxe DVD edition of Seven Samurai , Joan Mellen maintains that certain shots of the samurai characters Kambei and Kyuzo , which to her reveal Kurosawa " privileging " these samurai , " support the argument voiced by several Japanese critics that Kurosawa was an elitist ... Kurosawa was hardly a progressive director , they argued , since his peasants could not discover among their own ranks leaders who might rescue the village .
Ingmar Bergman called his own film The Virgin Spring " touristic , a lousy imitation of Kurosawa " , and added , " At that time my admiration for the Japanese cinema was at its height .
Federico Fellini in an interview declared the director " the greatest living example of all that an author of the cinema should be " — despite admitting to having seen only one of his films , Seven Samurai .
The Akira Kurosawa Award for Lifetime Achievement in Film Directing is awarded during the San Francisco International Film Festival , while the Akira Kurosawa Award is given during the Tokyo International Film Festival .
His films have begun to be released on Blu-ray .
[[874]]
A new-found respect for antiquities and excavations in the early modern period led to the scientific investigation of Egyptian civilization and a greater appreciation of its cultural legacy .
The increasing power and wealth of the pharaohs during the early dynastic period was reflected in their elaborate mastaba tombs and mortuary cult structures at Abydos , which were used to celebrate the deified pharaoh after his death .
The strong institution of kingship developed by the pharaohs served to legitimize state control over the land , labour , and resources that were essential to the survival and growth of ancient Egyptian civilization .
Around 2055 BC the northern Theban forces under Nebhepetre Mentuhotep II finally defeated the Herakleopolitan rulers , reuniting the Two Lands and inaugurating a period of economic and cultural renaissance known as the Middle Kingdom .
Having secured military and political security and vast agricultural and mineral wealth , the nation 's population , arts , and religion flourished .
The last great ruler of the Middle Kingdom , Amenemhat III , allowed Semitic speaking Canaan ite settlers from the Near East into the delta region to provide a sufficient labour force for his especially active mining and building campaigns .
These ambitious building and mining activities , however , combined with severe Nile floods later in his reign , strained the economy and precipitated the slow decline into the Second Intermediate Period during the later 13th and 14th dynasties .
They and other Semitic invaders introduced new tools of warfare into Egypt , most notably the composite bow and the horse-drawn chariot .
Military campaigns waged under Tuthmosis I and his grandson Tuthmosis III extended the influence of the pharaohs to the largest empire Egypt had ever seen .
Between their reigns , Hatshepsut generally promoted peace and extended trade routes back to those lost during the Hyksos occupation , as well as venturing to new regions .
He also attempted to change many established traditions that had developed over the centuries , which some suggest was a futile attempt to prevent other women from becoming pharaoh and to curb their influence in the kingdom .
The impact of external threats was exacerbated by internal problems such as corruption , tomb robbery , and civil unrest .
Egypt 's international prestige declined considerably towards the end of the Third Intermediate Period .
Taharqa was easily routed , and driven from power by Esarhaddon who conquered Egypt with surprising speed , thus destroying the Kushite Empire in the process .
Defeated , Taharqa fled back to his Nubia n homeland .
Two years later , Taharqa returned from Nubia and seized control of a section of southern Egypt as far north as Memphis .
Tantamani ( Tanutamun ) was heavily routed and fled back to Nubia .
Late Period ( 672 – 332 BC ) With no permanent plans for conquest , the Assyrians left control of Egypt to a series of vassals who became known as the Saite kings of the Twenty-Sixth Dynasty .
However , the attempt to save Egypts former masters failed .
In the 4th century AD , the Roman Empire split into two , and Egypt became part of the Eastern Empire , known as the Byzantine Empire .
Thus ended 975 years of Græco-Roman rule over Egypt .
The king was the supreme military commander and head of the government , who relied on a bureaucracy of officials to manage his affairs .
Not only were they houses of worship , but were also responsible for collecting and storing the nation 's wealth in a system of granaries and treasuries administered by overseer s , who redistributed grain and goods .
The upper class prominently displayed their social status in art and literature .
The ancient Egyptians viewed men and women , including people from all social classes except slaves , as essentially equal under the law , and even the lowliest peasant was entitled to petition the vizier and his court for redress .
Women such as Hatshepsut and Cleopatra VI even became pharaohs , while others wielded power as Divine Wives of Amun .
Whether the charges were trivial or serious , court scribes documented the complaint , testimony , and verdict of the case for future reference .
The god , carried by a number of priests , rendered judgment by choosing one or the other , moving forward or backward , or pointing to one of the answers written on a piece of papyrus or an ostracon .
Animals The Egyptians believed that a balanced relationship between people and animals was an essential element of the cosmic order ; thus humans , animals and plants were believed to be members of a single whole .
There is also evidence to suggest that elephant s were briefly utilized in the Late Period , but largely abandoned due to lack of grazing land .
During the Predynastic and Late periods , the worship of the gods in their animal form was extremely popular , such as the cat goddess Bastet and the ibis god Thoth , and these animals were bred in large numbers on farms for the purpose of ritual sacrifice .
Flint was the first mineral collected and used to make tools , and flint handaxes are the earliest pieces of evidence of habitation in the Nile valley .
Workers collected gold by washing the nuggets out of sediment in alluvial deposits , or by the more labor-intensive process of grinding and washing gold-bearing quartzite .
In the Predynastic Period , they established trade with Nubia to obtain gold and incense .
It has three long and three short vowels , which expanded in Later Egyptian to about nine .
Suffixes are added to form words .
Stress falls on the ultimate or penultimate syllable , which can be open ( CV ) or closed ( CVC ) .
Literature Writing first appeared in association with kingship on labels and tags for items found in royal tombs .
The genre known as Sebayt ( Instructions ) was developed to communicate teachings and guidance from famous nobles ; the Ipuwer papyrus , a poem of lamentations describing natural disaster s and social upheaval , is a famous example .
The Instruction of Amenemope is considered a masterpiece of near-eastern literature .
Each home had a kitchen with an open roof , which contained a grindstone for milling flour and a small oven for baking the bread .
Wine and meat were enjoyed by all on feast days while the upper classes indulged on a more regular basis .
Peasants lived in simple homes , while the palaces of the elite were more elaborate structures .
The architectural elements used in the world 's first large-scale stone building , Djoser 's mortuary complex , include post and lintel supports in the papyrus and lotus motif .
Common citizens had access to pieces of funerary art , such as shabti statues and books of the dead , which they believed would protect them in the afterlife .
Despite the homogeneity of ancient Egyptian art , the styles of particular times and places sometimes reflected changing cultural or political attitudes .
The most striking example of a politically driven change in artistic forms comes from the Amarna period , where figures were radically altered to conform to Akhenaten 's revolutionary religious ideas .
Temples were not places of public worship or congregation , and only on select feast days and celebrations was a shrine carrying the statue of the god brought out for public worship .
Wealthier Egyptians began to bury their dead in stone tombs and use artificial mummification , which involved removing the internal organs , wrapping the body in linen , and burying it in a rectangular stone sarcophagus or wooden coffin .
Beginning in the Fourth Dynasty , some parts were preserved separately in canopic jar s. By the New Kingdom , the ancient Egyptians had perfected the art of mummification ; the best technique took 70 days and involved removing the internal organs , removing the brain through the nose , and desiccating the body in a mixture of salts called natron .
Mummies of the Late Period were also placed in painted cartonnage mummy cases .
Actual preservation practices declined during the Ptolemaic and Roman eras , while greater emphasis was placed on the outer appearance of the mummy , which was decorated .
although it has also been argued that " kings of this period did not personally act as frontline war leaders , fighting alongside their troops . "
By a related technique , the ancient Egyptians produced a pigment known as Egyptian Blue , also called blue frit , which is produced by fusing ( or sintering ) silica , copper , lime , and an alkali such as natron .
Ancient Egyptian surgeons stitched wounds , set broken bones , and amputated diseased limbs , but they recognized that some injuries were so serious that they could only make the patient comfortable until death occurred .
Discovered by Egyptologist David O'Connor of New York University , woven strap s were found to have been used to lash the planks together , and reeds or grass stuffed between the planks helped to seal the seams .
They understood basic concepts of algebra and geometry , and could solve simple sets of simultaneous equations .
Some common fractions , however , were written with a special glyph — the equivalent of the modern two-thirds is shown on the right .
Ancient Egyptian mathematicians had a grasp of the principles underlying the Pythagorean theorem , knowing , for example , that a triangle had a right angle opposite the hypotenuse when its sides were in a 3 – 4 – 5 ratio .
Early historians such as Herodotus , Strabo , and Diodorus Siculus studied and wrote about the land , which Romans came to view as a place of mystery .
While the group only recorded one album together as the Analog Brothers , a few bootlegs of its live concert performances , including freestyles with original lyrics , have occasionally surfaced online .
The name " abjad " is derived from the Arabic word for alphabet .
Etymology The name " abjad " ( ) is derived from pronouncing the first letters of the Arabic alphabet in order .
Phoenician gave way to a number of new writing systems , including the Greek alphabet and Aramaic , a widely used abjad .
Impure abjads " Impure " abjads have characters for some vowels , optional vowel diacritics , or both .
However , most modern abjads , such as Arabic , Hebrew , Aramaic and Avestan , are " impure " abjads , that is , they also contain symbols for some of the vowel phonemes .
They did not need letters for the guttural sounds represented by aleph , he , heth or ayin , so these symbols were assigned vocalic values .
Canadian syllabics differ from other abugidas in that the vowel is indicated by rotation of the consonantal symbol , with each vowel having a consistent orientation .
Abjads and the structure of Semitic languages The abjad form of writing is well-adapted to the morphological structure of the Semitic languages it was developed to write .
Canadian Aboriginal syllabics In the family known as Canadian Aboriginal syllabics which are inspired by the Devanagari script of India , vowels are indicated by changing the orientation of the syllabogram .
Thus it is not segmental and can not be considered an abugida .
Thus it is the rime ( vowel ) which is basic to the system .
ABBA is an acronym of the first letters of the band members ' first names ( Agnetha , Benny , Bjorn and Anni-Frid ) and is sometimes stylized as the registered trademark ᗅᗺᗷᗅ .
Agnetha Fältskog ( born 5 April 1950 in Jönköping , Sweden ) sang with a local dance band headed by Bernt Enghardt who sent a demo recording of the band to Karl Gerhard Lundkvist .
Lyngstad toured and performed regularly in the folkpark circuit and made appearances on radio and TV .
The song came in third place , encouraging Stig Anderson , and became a hit in Sweden .
The first signs of foreign success came as a surprise , as the Andersson and Ulvaeus single " She 's My Kind of Girl " was released through Epic Records in Japan in March 1972 , giving the duo a Top 10 hit .
The single also became the first record to chart for the quartet in the United States , where it peaked at number 114 on the Cashbox singles chart and number 117 on the Record World singles chart .
Stig Anderson arranged an English translation of the lyrics by Neil Sedaka and Phil Cody and they thought this would be a surefire winner .
Though Agnetha Fältskog gave birth to her first child in 1973 she was for a shorter period replaced by Inger Brundin on a trip to West Germany .
Official namingIn early 1973 , Stig Anderson , tired of unwieldy names , started to refer to the group privately and publicly as ABBA .
The group negotiated with the canners for the rights to the name . "
On the photo , the ABBA members held a giant initial letter of his/her name .
When Universal Music purchased Polygram ( and , thus , ABBA 's label Polar Music International ) , control of the group 's catalogue was returned to Stockholm .
In late 1974 , " So Long " was released as a single in the United Kingdom but it received no airplay from Radio 1 and failed to chart .
Nevertheless , it became their first UK number 1 album , and also took ABBA into the Top 50 on the US album charts for the first time , eventually selling more than a million copies there .
The opening concert in Sydney at the Sydney Showground on 3 March to an audience of 20,000 was marred by torrential rain , with Lyngstad slipping on the wet stage during the concert .
During the Australian tour , she performed in a skin-tight white jumpsuit , causing one Australian newspaper to use the headline " Agnetha 's bottom tops dull show " .
They converted a vacant movie theatre into the Polar Music Studio , a state-of-the-art studio in Stockholm .
Recording sessions for the single " Summer Night City " were an uphill struggle , but upon release the song became another hit for the group .
On 9 January 1979 , the group performed " Chiquitita " at the Music for UNICEF Concert held at the United Nations General Assembly to celebrate UNICEF 's Year of the Child .
Nonetheless , the media continued to confront them with this in interviews .
None of the singles from the album reached number 1 on the UK charts , but " Chiquitita " , " Does Your Mother Know " , " Angeleyes " ( with " Voulez-Vous " , released as a double A-side ) and " I Have a Dream " were all UK Top 5 hits .
The album became a major success , and along with the Spanish version of " Chiquitita " , this signalled the group 's breakthrough in Latin America .
In mid-February 1981 , Andersson and Lyngstad announced they were filing for divorce .
Abbacadabra " premièred on 8 December 1983 at The Lyric Hammersmith Theatre in London , to mixed reviews and full houses for eight weeks , closing on 21 January 1984 .
All four members made their last public appearance , as four friends more than as ABBA , in January 1986 , when they recorded a video of themselves performing an acoustic version of " Tivedshambo " , which was the first song written by their manager , Stig Anderson , for a Swedish TV show honouring Anderson on his 55th birthday . The four had not seen each other for more than two years .
Their last public performance together as ABBA was on the British TV programme The Late , Late Breakfast Show ( live from Stockholm ) on 11 December 1982 .
She admitted that she has not yet brought the idea up to the other three members .
In May 1986 , the musical premièred in London 's West End , and ran for almost three years .
In Stockholm , the composers staged Chess på svenska ( Chess in Swedish ) in 2003 , with some new material , including the musical numbers " Han är en man , han är ett barn " ( " He 's a Man , He 's a Child " ) and " Glöm mig om du kan " ( " Forget Me If You Can " ) .
Andersson and Ulvaeus ' next project , Kristina från Duvemåla , an epic Swedish musical , premiered in Malmö , in southern Sweden in October 1995 .
Andersson made a cameo appearance in the movie as a ' fisherman ' piano player in the " Dancing Queen " scene , while Ulvaeus is seen as a Greek god playing a lyre during the closing credits .
The single became a number 1 hit in France ( where it spent five weeks at the top ) , Belgium , Switzerland and Costa Rica .
Sveriges Television documented this historical event , by filming the whole recording process .
Lyngstad 's second solo album after ABBA was called Shine , produced by Steve Lillywhite .
The title track was the album 's first single release .
The single " If I Thought You 'd Ever Change Your Mind " ( a cover of the Cilla Black 1960s song ) became Fältskog 's biggest solo hit in the United Kingdom , reaching number 11 .
The single peaked at number 2 in Sweden and was a hit throughout Scandinavia and Europe .
In January 2007 , she sang a live duet on stage with Swedish singer Tommy Körberg at the after party for the final performance of the musical , Mamma Mia !
, in Stockholm , at which Benny Andersson and Björn Ulvaeus were also present .
Also included is the 3 - hour documentary Frida - The DVD .
The interview with Lyngstad was filmed in the Swiss Alps in summer 2005 .
By the end of the twentieth century " , American critic Chuck Klosterman wrote a decade later , " it was far more contrarian to hate ABBA than to love them . "
Cliff Richard covered " Lay All Your Love on Me " , while Dionne Warwick , Peter Cetera , and Celebrity Skin recorded their versions of " SOS " .
Swedish metal guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen covered " Gim me !
Gim me !
.
The compilation album ABBA Gold : Greatest Hits , originally released in 1992 , returned to number one in the UK album charts for the fifth time on 3 August 2008 .
In November 2008 , all eight studio albums , together with a ninth of rare tracks , was released as The Albums .
In 2008 , Sony Computer Entertainment Europe , in collaboration with Universal Music Group Sweden AB , released SingStar ABBA on both the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation 3 games consoles , as part of the SingStar music video games .
The videos that accompanied some of their biggest hits are often cited as being among the earliest examples of the genre .
However it is in its proper sense , in which it indicates national character and the subjection due to that character , that the word is more important .
As the subject owes to his king his true and faithful allegiance and obedience , so the Sovereign Natural allegiance and obedience is an incident inseparable to every subject , for parte Anderson ( 1861 ) 3 El & El 487 ; 121 ER 525 ) .
A resident alien owed allegiance even when the protection of the Crown was withdrawn owing to the occupation of an enemy , because the absence of the Crown 's protection was temporary and involuntary ( de Jager v Attorney-Geneneral of Natal [ 1907 ] AC 326 ) .
So British subjects voluntarily naturalized in a foreign state are deemed aliens from the time of such naturalization , unless , in the case of persons naturalized before the passing of the act , they have declared their desire to remain British subjects within two years from the passing of the act .
Some electronic engineering and the manufacture of Apple 's MessagePad devices was undertaken in Japan by the Sharp Corporation .
Details Screen and input With the MessagePad 120 with Newton OS 2.0 , the Newton Keyboard by Apple became available , which can also be used via the dongle on Newton devices with a Newton InterConnect port , most notably the Apple MessagePad 2000/2100 series , as well as the Apple eMate 300 .
Handwriting recognition still works properly with the display rotated , although display calibration is needed when rotation in any direction is used for the first time or when the Newton device is reset .
Handwriting recognition In initial versions ( Newton OS 1 .
Unlike the Palm Pilot , all Newton devices are equipped with a standard PC Card expansion slot ( two on the 2000/2100 ) .
Fax and printing support is also built in at the operating system level , although it requires peripherals such as parallel adapters , PCMCIA cards , or serial modems , the most notable of which is the lightweight Newton Fax Modem released by Apple in 1993 .
Power options The original Apple MessagePad and MessagePad 100 used four AAA batteries .
The Westwood Village , California , near U.C.L.A. featured the trademark red and yellow lightbulb Newton logo in neon .
The development of the ARIF system was extremely complex and required a team of hardware and software engineers , designers , and writers .
Van Vogt was always interested in the idea of all-encompassing systems of knowledge ( akin to modern meta-systems ) -- the characters in his very first story used a system called " Nexialism " to analyze the alien 's behaviour , and he became interested in the General Semantics of Alfred Korzybski .
Dianetics was the secular precursor to Hubbard 's Church of Scientology .
The operation went broke nine months later , but never went bankrupt , due to van Vogt 's arrangements with creditors .
One early and articulate critic was Damon Knight .
In a chapter-long essay reprinted in In Search of Wonder , entitled " Cosmic Jerrybuilder : A. E. van Vogt " , Knight famously remarked that van Vogt " is no giant ; he is a pygmy who has learned to operate an overgrown typewriter . "
The Science Fiction Writers of America named him its 14th Grand Master in 1995 ( presented 1996 ) .
It was a children 's program .
She became the youngest player to win the 18-and-under division of the Junior Orange Bowl tennis tournament .
Kournikova was a member of the Russian delegation to the 1996 Olympic Games in Atlanta , Georgia .
In 1996 , she was named WTA Newcomer of the Year , and she was ranked No. 57 in the end of the season .
She also reached the third round in doubles with Likhovtseva .
They lost to Sabine Appelmans and Miriam Oremans .
Kournikova then reached two consecutive quarterfinals , at Amelia Island and the Italian Open , losing respectively to Lindsay Davenport and Martina Hingis .
At the start of the 1999 season , Kournikova advanced to the fourth round in singles before losing to Mary Pierce .
At the Tier I Family Circle Cup , Kournikova reached her second WTA Tour final , but lost to Martina Hingis .
At The French Open , Kournikova reached the fourth round before losing to eventual champion Steffi Graf .
She reached her second career grand slam quarterfinals , at the Australian Open .
This was Kournikova 's last singles finals .
They also lost in the quarterfinals of the US Open .
Kournikova 's two Grand Slam doubles titles came in 1999 and 2002 , both at the Australian Open in the Women 's Doubles event with partner Martina Hingis .
However , her singles career plateaued after 1999 .
For the most part , she managed to retain her ranking between 10 and 15 ( her career high singles ranking was No. 8 ) , but her expected finals breakthrough failed to occur ; she only reached four finals out of 130 singles tournaments , never in a Grand Slam event , and never won one .
In late 2004 , she participated in three events organized by Elton John and by fellow tennis players Serena Williams and Andy Roddick .
Bure and Kournikova were reported to have been engaged in 2000 after a reporter took a photo of them together in a Florida restaurant where Bure supposedly asked Kournikova to marry him .
Fedorov claimed he and Kournikova were married in 2001 , but later divorced in 2003 .
Kournikova started dating pop star Enrique Iglesias in late 2001 ( she appeared in his video , " Escape " ) , and rumors that the couple had secretly married circulated in 2003 and again in 2005 .
Kournikova resides in Miami Beach , Florida .
His neuropathological studies contributed greatly to the delineation of several diseases , including multiple sclerosis and Friedreich 's ataxia .
He suffered from chronic osteomyelitis for the last 7 years of his life .
Associated eponym Bibliography
Agnosticism can be defined in various ways , and is sometimes used to indicate doubt or a skeptical approach to questions .
Huxley identified agnosticism not as a creed but rather as a method of skeptical , evidence-based inquiry .
A number of earlier thinkers and writings have also explored agnostic thought .
Such thinkers rejected the idea that certainty was possible .
In an 1896 lecture titled Why I Am An Agnostic , Ingersoll related why he was an agnostic : In the conclusion of the speech he simply sums up the agnostic position as : Bertrand Russell Bertrand Russell 's pamphlet , Why I Am Not a Christian , based on a speech delivered in 1927 and later included in a book of the same title , is considered a classic statement of agnosticism .
Russell states : However , later in the essay , Russell says : Leslie Weatherhead In 1965 Christian theologian Leslie Weatherhead published The Christian Agnostic , in which he argues : Although radical and unpalatable to conventional theologians , Weatherhead 's agnosticism falls far short of Huxley 's , and short even of weak agnosticism : Demographics Demographic research services normally do not differentiate between various types of non-religious respondents , so agnostics are often classified in the same category as atheists or other non-religious people .
A study conducted by the Pew Research Center found that about 16 % of the world 's people , the third largest group after Christianity and Islam , have no religious affiliation .
And for this , Peter Kreeft and Ronald Tacelli cite 20 arguments for God ’s existence .
According to some theistic scholars , agnosticism is impossible in practice , since a person can live only either as if God did not exist ( etsi Deus non daretur ) , or as if God did exist ( etsi Deus daretur ) .
Dawkins considers temporary agnosticism an entirely reasonable position , but views permanent agnosticism as " fence-sitting , intellectual cowardice . "
Argon is mostly used as an inert shielding gas in welding and other high-temperature industrial processes where ordinarily non-reactive substances become reactive ; for example , an argon atmosphere is used in graphite electric furnaces to prevent the graphite from burning .
Although the neutral ground-state chemical compounds of argon are presently limited to HArF , argon can form clathrates with water when atoms of it are trapped in a lattice of the water molecules .
The symbol for argon is now " Ar " , but up until 1957 it was " A " .
This was puzzling at the time when argon was discovered , since Mendeleev had placed the elements in his periodic table in order of atomic weight , although the inertness of argon implies that it must be placed before the reactive alkali metal potassium .
Before 1962 , argon and the other noble gases were considered to be chemically inert and unable to form compounds ; however , compounds of the heavier noble gases have since been synthesized .
Bottles of high-purity chemicals and certain pharmaceutical products are available in sealed bottles or ampoules packed in argon .
Argon is preferred for the sputter coating of specimens for scanning electron microscopy .
In surgery it is used in a procedure called " argon enhanced coagulation " which is a form of argon plasma beam electrosurgery .
See Argox .
It can exist in various allotropes , although only the gray form has important use in industry .
Arsenic is a common n-type dopant in semiconductor electronic devices , and the optoelectronic compound gallium arsenide is the most common semiconductor in use after doped silicon .
Isotopes that are lighter than the stable 75As tend to decay by β + decay , and those that are heavier tend to decay by β - decay , with some exceptions .
This odor can be detected on striking arsenide minerals such as arsenopyrite with a hammer .
In As4S10 , arsenic has a formal oxidation state of +2 in As4S4 , which features As-As bonds so that the total covalency of As is still three .
The valence electron count of GaAs is the same as a pair of Si atoms , but the band structure is completely different , which results distinct bulk properties .
Other arsenic alloys include the II-IV semiconductor cadmium arsenide .
Arsenic is absorbed by all plants , but is more concentrated in leafy vegetables , rice , apple and grape juice , and seafood .
In 2005 , China was the top producer of white arsenic with almost 50 % world share , followed by Chile , Peru , and Morocco , according to the British Geological Survey and the United States Geological Survey .
The arsenic is recovered mainly as a side product from the purification of copper .
During the Bronze Age , arsenic was often included in bronze , which made the alloy harder ( so-called " arsenical bronze " ) .
Cadet 's fuming liquid ( impure cacodyl ) , often claimed as the first synthetic organometallic compound , was synthesized in 1760 by Louis Claude Cadet de Gassicourt by the reaction of potassium acetate with arsenic trioxide .
The accidental use of arsenic in the adulteration of foodstuffs led to the Bradford sweet poisoning in 1858 , which resulted in approximately 20 deaths .
In the 1950s a process of treating wood with chromated copper arsenate ( also known as CCA or Tanalith ) was invented , and for decades this treatment was the most extensive industrial use of arsenic .
Arsenic is still added to animal food , in particular in the US as a method of disease prevention and growth stimulation .
It was also used as Fowler 's solution in psoriasis .
In subtoxic doses , soluble arsenic compounds act as stimulant s , and were once popular in small doses as medicine by people in the mid-18th century .
Dezincification can be strongly reduced by adding arsenic to brass , a copper-zinc alloy .
Biomethylation Inorganic arsenic and its compounds , upon entering the food chain , are progressively metabolized through a process of methylation .
Increased levels of skin cancer have been associated with arsenic exposure in Wisconsin , even at levels below the 10 part per billion drinking water standard , although this link has not been proven .
According to a recent film funded by the US Superfund , millions of private wells have unknown arsenic levels , and in some areas of the US , over 20 % of wells may contain levels that exceed established limits .
Some Canadians are drinking water that contains inorganic arsenic .
Preliminary well water analyses typically does not test for arsenic .
Analyzing multiple epidemiological studies on inorganic arsenic exposure suggests a small but measurable risk increase for bladder cancer at 10 ppb .
A team of European and Indian scientists and engineers have set up six arsenic treatment plants in West Bengal based on in-situ remediation method ( SAR Technology ) .
This technology does not use any chemicals and arsenic is left as an insoluble form ( +5 state ) in the subterranean zone by recharging aerated water into the aquifer and thus developing an oxidation zone to support arsenic oxidizing micro-organisms .
TOXMAP is a Geographic Information System ( GIS ) from the Division of Specialized Information Services of the United States National Library of Medicine ( NLM ) that uses maps of the United States to help users visually explore data from the United States Environmental Protection Agency 's ( EPA ) Toxics Release Inventory and Superfund Basic Research Program s. TOXMAP is a resource funded by the US Federal Government .

A lustrous gray metalloid , it is found in nature mainly as the sulfide mineral stibnite ( Sb2S3 ) .
Alloying lead and tin with antimony improves the properties of the alloys which are used in solder s , bullet s and plain bearing s. Antimony compounds are prominent additives for chlorine - and bromine-containing fire retardant s found in many commercial and domestic products .
Four allotropes of antimony are known : a stable metallic form and three metastable forms ( explosive , black and yellow ) .
It has only been generated by oxidation of stibine ( SbH3 ) at − 90 ° C. Above this temperature and in ambient light , this metastable allotrope transforms into the more stable black allotrope .
Isotopes Antimony exists as two stable isotopes , 121Sb with a natural abundance of 57.36 % and 123Sb with a natural abundance of 42.64 % .
This weakens the evidence for a lost art " of rendering antimony malleable . "
There is an ongoing controversy , with translator Marcellin Berthelot stating antimony was never found in Jābir 's books , but others claiming that Berthelot translated only some of the less important books , while the more interesting ones ( some of which might describe antimony ) are not yet translated , and their content is completely unknown .
The first natural occurrence of pure antimony in the Earth 's crust was described by the Swedish scientist and local mine district engineer Anton von Swab in 1783 ; the type-sample was collected from the Sala Silver Mine in the Bergslagen mining district of Sala , Västmanland , Sweden .
Indium antimonide is used as a material for mid - infrared detector s. Few biological or medical applications exist for antimony .
Antimony and its compounds are used in several veterinary preparations like anthiomaline or lithium antimony thiomalate , which is used as a skin conditioner in ruminant s. Antimony has a nourishing or conditioning effect on keratinized tissues , at least in animals .
Precautions Antimony and many of its compounds are toxic , and the effects of antimony poisoning are similar to arsenic poisoning .
While levels observed for bottled water are below drinking water guidelines , fruit juice concentrates ( for which no guidelines are established ) produced in the UK were found to contain up to 44.7 µg / L of antimony , well above the EU limits for tap water of 5 µg / L. The guidelines are : See also Notes References Bibliography External links
A soft , silvery-white radioactive metal , actinium reacts rapidly with oxygen and moisture in air forming a white coating of actinium oxide that prevents further oxidation .
Actinium is found only in traces in uranium ores as the isotope 227Ac , which decays with a half-life of 21.772 years , predominantly emitting beta particle s. One tonne of uranium ore contains about 0.2 milligrams of actinium .
Solvent extraction and ion chromatography are commonly used for the separation .
Mixing monosodium phosphate ( NaH2PO4 ) with a solution of actinium in hydrochloric acid yields white-colored actinium phosphate hemihydrate ( AcPO4 · 0.5 H2O ) , and heating actinium oxalate with hydrogen sulfide vapors at 1400 ° C for a few minutes results in a black actinium sulfide Ac2S3 .
It decays according to its 21.773-year half-life emitting mostly beta ( 98.8 % ) and some alpha particles ( 1.2 % ) ; the successive decay products are part of the actinium series .
The isotopes of actinium range in atomic weight from 206 u ( ) to 236 u ( ) .
Occurrence and synthesis Actinium is found only in traces in uranium ores as 227Ac – one tonne of ore contains about 0.2 milligrams of actinium .
The extraction can be performed with thenoyltrifluoroacetone - benzene solution from an aqueous solution of the radiation products , and the selectivity to a certain element is achieved by adjusting the pH ( to about 6.0 for actinium ) .
This isotope has a half-life of 10 days that makes it much more suitable for radiation therapy than 213Bi ( half-life 46 minutes ) .
Much better results were obtained with such chelating agents as HEHA or DOTA ( 1,4,7,10-tetraazacyclododecane-1 ,4,7,10 - tetraacetic acid ) coupled to trastuzumab , a monoclonal antibody that interferes with the HER2/neu receptor .
However , evaluation of the concentration depth-profiles for different isotopes allows estimating the mixing rates .
After cyclotron irradiation , the coating was dissolved with nitric acid , and then precipitated as the hydroxide using concentrated aqueous ammonia solution .
Elevated levels of americium were also detected at the crash site of a US B-52 bomber , which carried four hydrogen bombs , in 1968 in Greenland .
Because it spontaneously converts to 241Am , 241Pu can be extracted and may be used to generate further 241Am .
When compressed at room temperature to 5 GPa , α-Am transforms to the β modification , which has a face-centered cubic ( fcc ) symmetry , space group Fm m and lattice constant a = 489 pm .
This fcc structure is equivalent to the closest packing with the sequence ABC .
For example , Am ( III ) has two sharp peaks at 504 and 811 nm , Am ( V ) at 514 and 715 nm , and Am ( VI ) at 666 and 992 nm .
AmSix has a bright silvery lustre and a tetragonal crystal lattice ( space group I41/amd ) , it is isomorphic with PuSi2 and ThSi2 .
Boride s of americium include AmB4 and AmB6 .
The critical masses of two other readily available isotopes , 241Am and 243Am , are relatively high – 57.6 to 75.6 kg for 241Am and 209 kg for 243Am .
Scarcity and high price yet hinder application of americium as a nuclear fuel in nuclear reactor s. There are proposals of very compact 10-kW high-flux reactors using as little as 20 grams of 242m1Am .
As with most other actinides , the isotopes of americium with odd number of neutrons have relatively high rate of nuclear fission and low critical mass .
Americium-241 gamma rays were also used to provide passive diagnosis of thyroid function .
Astatine is a radioactive chemical element with the chemical symbol At and atomic number 85 .
Only extremely small quantities are used , however , due to its intense radioactivity .
Among the first 101 elements in the periodic table , only francium is less stable .
However , metal formation for condensed-phase astatine has also been suggested .
Physical Most of the physical properties of astatine have been estimated ( by interpolation or extrapolation ) , using various theoretically-grounded or empirically-derived methods .
However , astatine has a few metallic characteristics as well , such as plating out on a cathode , coprecipitating with metal sulfides in hydrochloric acid , and forming a cation in strong acidic solutions .
Astatine has an electronegativity of 2.2 on the revised Pauling scale .
The reactions involved are normally tested with dilute solutions of astatine mixed with larger amounts of iodine .
The iodine acts as a carrier , ensuring that there is sufficient material for laboratory techniques ( such as filtration and precipitation ) to work .
The formation of an astatine compound with hydrogen – usually referred to as hydrogen astatide – was noted by the pioneers of astatine chemistry .
As mentioned earlier , there are grounds for referring to this compound as astatine hydride instead – astatine is easily oxidized , acidification by ( dilute ) nitric acid gives the At0 or At + forms , and the addition of silver ( I ) then precipitates astatine , only partially as silver ( I ) astatide ( AgAt ) ( or not at all ) .
The first two compounds may also be produced in water – astatine reacts with iodine / iodide solution to form AtI , whereas AtBr requires ( aside from astatine ) an iodine / iodine monobromide / bromide solution .
Oxidation of the element with dichromate ( in nitric acid solution ) showed that adding chloride turned the astatine into a molecule likely to be either AtCl or AtOCl .
In 1940 , Dale R. Corson , Kenneth Ross MacKenzie , and Emilio Segrè finally isolated the element at the University of California , Berkeley .
Isotopes There are 32 known isotopes of astatine , with atomic masses ( mass numbers ) of 191 and 193 – 223 .
A nuclear isomer may also be called a " meta - state " , meaning the system has more internal energy than the " ground state " ( the state with the lowest possible internal energy ) , making the former likely to decay into the latter .
There may be more than one isomer for each isotope .
Astatine 's alpha decay energies follow the same trend as for other heavy elements .
The least stable ground state isotope is astatine-213 , with a half-life of 125 nanoseconds .
To produce the bismuth target , the metal is sputtered onto a gold , copper , or aluminum surface at 50 to 100 milligrams per square centimeter .
Using this technique , yields of astatine of up to 30 % may be achieved .
Uses and precautions The newly formed astatine-211 is important in nuclear medicine .
In the 18th and 19th centuries , chemist s provided a physical basis for this idea by showing that certain substances could not be further broken down by chemical methods , and they applied the ancient philosophical name of atom to the chemical entity .
During the late 19th and early 20th centuries , physicist s discovered subatomic components and structure inside the atom , thereby demonstrating that the chemical " atom " was divisible and that the name might not be appropriate .
Corpuscularianism stayed a dominant theory over the next several hundred years .
Thus he overturned the belief that atoms are the indivisible , ultimate particles of matter .
When the light from a heated material was passed through a prism , it produced a multi-colored spectrum .
When a beam of silver atoms was passed through a specially shaped magnetic field , the beam was split based on the direction of an atom 's angular momentum , or spin .
Components Subatomic particles Though the word atom originally denoted a particle that can not be cut into smaller particles , in modern scientific usage the atom is composed of various subatomic particle s. The constituent particles of an atom are the electron , the proton and the neutron .
However , the hydrogen-1 atom has no neutrons and a positive hydrogen ion has no electrons .
However , both protons and neutrons are composite particles composed of elementary particle s called quark s. There are two types of quarks in atoms , each having a fractional electric charge .
This is much smaller than the radius of the atom , which is on the order of 105 fm .
At distances smaller than 2.5 fm this force is much more powerful than the electrostatic force that causes positively charged protons to repel each other .
The fusion of two nuclei that create larger nuclei with lower atomic numbers than iron and nickel — a total nucleon number of about 60 — is usually an exothermic process that releases more energy than is required to bring them together .
Electrons , like other particles , have properties of both a particle and a wave .
This behavior is defined by an atomic orbital , a mathematical function that characterises the probability that an electron appears to be at a particular location when its position is measured .
These are also formally classified as " stable " .
A given atom has an atomic mass approximately equal ( within 1 % ) to its mass number times the mass of the atomic mass unit .
This is an exponential decay process that steadily decreases the proportion of the remaining isotope by 50 % every half-life .
This has important applications in magnetic resonance imaging .
Thus the atoms behave like a filter that forms a series of dark absorption band s in the energy output .
( An observer viewing the atoms from a view that does not include the continuous spectrum in the background , instead sees a series of emission line s from the photons emitted by the atoms . )
Spectroscopic measurements of the strength and width of atomic spectral line s allow the composition and physical properties of a substance to be determined .
If a bound electron is in an excited state , an interacting photon with the proper energy can cause stimulated emission of a photon with a matching energy level .
The chemical element s are often displayed in a periodic table that is laid out to display recurring chemical properties , and elements with the same number of valence electrons form a group that is aligned in the same column of the table .
Electrons tunnel through the vacuum between two planar metal electrodes , on each of which is an adsorb ed atom , providing a tunneling-current density that can be measured .
The electric charge causes the trajectory of an atom to bend when it passes through a magnetic field .
If a sample contains multiple isotopes , the mass spectrometer can determine the proportion of each isotope in the sample by measuring the intensity of the different beams of ions .
Formation Electrons are thought to exist in the Universe since early stages of the Big Bang .
Most of the helium in the crust of the Earth ( about 99 % of the helium from gas wells , as shown by its lower abundance of helium-3 ) is a product of alpha decay .
When a matter and corresponding antimatter particle meet , they annihilate each other .
As a result , no antimatter atoms have been discovered in nature .

Although constrained by land mass and topology , the amount of arable land , both regionally and globally , fluctuates due to human and climatic factors such as irrigation , deforestation , desertification , terracing , landfill , and urban sprawl .
[[904]]
It is nonmagnetic and does not easily ignite .
It is easily machined , cast , drawn and extruded .
Aluminium is capable of being a superconductor , with a superconducting critical temperature of 1.2 Kelvin and a critical magnetic field of about 100 gauss ( 10 millitesla s ) .
After falling to Earth , atmospheric shielding drastically reduces 26Al production , and its decay can then be used to determine the meteorite 's terrestrial age .
Meteorite research has also shown that 26Al was relatively abundant at the time of formation of our planetary system .
Natural occurrence Stable aluminium is created when hydrogen fuses with magnesium either in large stars or in supernova e. In the Earth 's crust , aluminium is the most abundant ( 8.3 % by weight ) metallic element and the third most abundant of all elements ( after oxygen and silicon ) .
Native aluminium metal can only be found as a minor phase in low oxygen fugacity environments , such as the interiors of certain volcanoes .
Large deposits of bauxite occur in Australia , Brazil , Guinea and Jamaica and the primary mining areas for the ore are in Australia , Brazil , China , India , Guinea , Indonesia , Jamaica , Russia and Suriname .
For example , direct reduction with carbon , as is used to produce iron , is not chemically possible because aluminium is a stronger reducing agent than carbon .
The cathodes do erode , mainly due to electrochemical processes and metal movement .
The dross can undergo a further process to extract aluminium .
In Europe aluminium experiences high rates of recycling , ranging from 42 % of beverage cans , 85 % of construction materials and 95 % of transport vehicles .
AlF3 sublimes ( with cracking ) at .
The other trihalides are dimeric or polymeric with tetrahedral Al centers .
Sapphire and ruby are impure corundum contaminated with trace amounts of other metals .
Most are produced from ores by a variety of wet processes using acid and base .
It reacts with water or dilute acids to give methane .
It is air-stable material with a usefully high thermal conductivity .
It is a polymer with the formula ( AlH3 ) n , in contrast to the corresponding boron hydride with the formula ( BH3 ) 2 .
Aluminium is almost always alloyed , which markedly improves its mechanical properties , especially when tempered .
The main alloying agents are copper , zinc , magnesium , manganese , and silicon ( e.g. , duralumin ) and the levels of these other metals are in the range of a few percent by weight .
Aluminium sulfate ( Al2 ( SO4 ) 3 ( H2O ) 18 ) is produced on the annual scale of several billions of kilograms .
Alloy systems are classified by a number system ( ANSI ) or by names indicating their main alloying constituents ( DIN and ISO ) .
Unlike steels , aluminium alloys have no well-defined fatigue limit , meaning that fatigue failure eventually occurs , under even very small cyclic loadings .
Aluminium alloys , like all structural alloys , also are subject to internal stresses following heating operations such as welding and casting .
In 1761 , Guyton de Morveau suggested calling the base alum alumine .
The Cowles companies supplied aluminium alloy in quantity in the United States and England using smelters like the furnace of Carl Wilhelm Siemens by 1886 .
But the same year , an anonymous contributor to the Quarterly Review , a British political-literary journal , in a review of Davy 's book , objected to aluminum and proposed the name aluminium , " for so we shall take the liberty of writing the word , in preference to aluminum , which has a less classical sound . "
The - um suffix is consistent with the universal spelling alumina for the oxide , as lanthana is the oxide of lanthanum , and magnesia , ceria , and thoria are the oxides of magnesium , cerium , and thorium respectively .
It is remarkably nontoxic , aluminium sulfate having an LD50 of 6207 mg/kg ( oral , mouse ) , which corresponds to 500 grams for a 80 kg person .
Furthermore , aluminium increases estrogen - related gene expression in human breast cancer cells cultured in the laboratory .
Some brain plaques have been found to contain increased levels of the metal .
The acidity of the soil is therefore a result of hydrolysis of aluminium compounds .
This concept of " corrected lime potential " to define the degree of base saturation in soils became the basis for procedures now used in soil testing laboratories to determine the " lime requirement " of soils .
This is not the case in all plants .

While Die Fantastischen Vier may be said to view hip hop primarily as an aesthetic art form , Advanced Chemistry understand hip hop as being inextricably linked to the social and political circumstances under which it is created .
These alternative local hip hop cultures include Oriental hip hop , the members of which cling to their Turkish heritage and are confused by Advanced Chemistry 's elicitation of a German identity politics to which they technically do not belong .
These so-called Gastarbeiter ( guest workers ) children saw breakdance , graffiti , rap music , and hip hop culture as a means of expressing themselves .
However , though many ethnic minority youth in Germany find the these German identity themes appealing , others view the desire of immigrants to be seen as German negatively , and they have actively sought to revive and recreate concepts of identity in connection to traditional ethnic origins .

The Anglican Communion is an international association of churches consisting of the Church of England and of national and regional Anglican churches in full communion with it and specifically with its principal primate , the Archbishop of Canterbury .
For others , their self-identity represents some combination of the two .
As such Anglicanism was , from the outset , a movement with an explicitly episcopal polity , a characteristic which has been vital in maintaining the unity of the Communion by conveying the episcopate 's role in manifesting visible catholicity and ecumenism .
Protracted conflict through the seventeenth century with more radical Protestant s on the one hand and Roman Catholics who still recognised the primacy of the Pope on the other , resulted in an association of churches that were both deliberately vague about doctrinal principles , yet bold in developing parameters of acceptable deviation .
It establishes four principles with these words : Instruments of communion As mentioned above , the Anglican Communion has no international juridical organisation .
The Archbishop of Canterbury 's role is strictly symbolic and unifying and the Communion 's three international bodies are consultative and collaborative , their resolutions having no legal effect on the autonomous provinces of the Communion .
Taken together , however , the four do function as " instruments of communion " , since all churches of the communion participate in them .
At first all these colonial churches were under the jurisdiction of the Bishop of London .
In time , it became natural to group these into provinces and a metropolitan was appointed for each province .
The Roman Catholic Church does not recognise most Anglican orders ( see Apostolicae Curae ) .
Simultaneous with debates about social theology and ethics , the Anglican Communion has debated prayer book revision and the acceptable grounds for achieving full communion with non-Anglican churches .
Kaijser has published two books in Swedish : Stadens ljus .
Den svenska infrastrukturens historiska utveckling och framtida utmaningar , and has co-edited several anthologies .
An archipelago ( ) , sometimes called an island group or island chain , is a chain or cluster of island s. The word archipelago is derived from the Greek ἄρχι - – arkhi - ( " chief " ) and πέλαγος – pélagos ( " sea " ) through the Italian arcipelago .
An interesting aspect of authorship emerges with copyright in that it can be passed down to another upon one 's death .
What powers do the original authors , as well as the publishers , have in regulating or even stopping the fan fiction ?
Literary significance In literary theory , critics find complications in the term " author " beyond what constitutes authorship in a legal setting .
In the wake of postmodern literature , critics such as Roland Barthes and Michel Foucault have examined the role and relevance of authorship to the meaning or interpretation of a text .
Expanding upon Foucault 's position , Alexander Nehamas writes that Foucault suggests " an author [ ... ] is whoever can be understood to have produced a particular text as we interpret it " , not necessarily who penned the text .
Foucault warns of the risks of keeping the author 's name in mind during interpretation , because it could affect the value and meaning with which one handles an interpretation .
As " cultural investors , " publishers rely on the editor position to identify a good investment in " cultural capital " which may grow to yield economic capital across all positions .
An author 's book must earn out their advance before any further royalties are paid .
Already during his school time Andrey was intensely engaged in higher mathematics .
His promotion to an ordinary professor of St. Petersburg University followed in the fall of 1894 .
Until 1910 , however , he continued to lecture in the calculus of differences .
Markov then resumed his teaching activities and lectured on probability theory and the calculus of differences until his death in 1922 .

It is the subjectively unpleasant feelings of dread over something unlikely to happen , such as the feeling of imminent death .
Anxiety occurs in situations only perceived as uncontrollable or unavoidable , but not realistically so .
While almost everyone has experienced anxiety at some point in their lives , most do not develop long-term problems with anxiety .
Subtypes of anxiety disorders are phobia s social anxiety , obsessive-compulsive behavior , and Posttraumatic stress disorder .
Causes An evolutionary psychology explanation is that increased anxiety serves the purpose of increased vigilance regarding potential threats in the environment as well as increased tendency to take proactive actions regarding such possible threats .
This might indicate that anxiety is a protective mechanism designed to prevent the organism from engaging in potentially harmful behaviors .
The use of treatments such as cognitive behavioral therapy ( CBT ) for people at risk for anxiety has been shown to significantly reduce the number of episodes of generalized anxiety disorder and anxiety symptoms .
Abnormal and pathological anxiety or fear may itself be a medical condition falling under the blanket term " anxiety disorder " .
Test anxiety is the uneasiness , apprehension , or nervousness felt by students who had a fear of failing an exam .
It is closely related to the personality trait of neuroticism .
Some researches show no additional effect of hypnotherapy over other methods .
Hypnotherapy has been used in the treatment of patients experiencing various forms or manifestations of anxiety including anxiety brought on by or resulting in depression , sleep disturbance , preparation for operative procedures , exam preparation and public speaking .
Research has been unable to confirm the effectiveness of these herbal remedies .
While there , he edited and wrote for Granta , a student magazine .
He collaborated with his brother Kenneth and their articles appeared over the initials AKM .
Milne 's work came to the attention of the leading British humour magazine Punch , where Milne was to become a contributor and later an assistant editor .
He was recruited into Military Intelligence to write propaganda articles for MI 7b between 1916 and 1918 .
Wodehouse made radio broadcasts about his internment , which were broadcast from Berlin .
In 1925 , A. A. Milne bought a country home , Cotchford Farm , in Hartfield , East Sussex .
During World War II , A. A. Milne was Captain of the Home Guard in Hartfield & Forest Row , insisting on being plain ' Mr. Milne ' to the members of his platoon .
1926 to 1928 Milne is most famous for his two Pooh books about a boy named Christopher Robin after his son , Christopher Robin Milne , and various characters inspired by his son 's stuffed animals , most notably the bear named Winnie-the-Pooh .
The title was an implicit admission that such chapters as Chapter 7 , " The Piper at the Gates of Dawn " , could not survive translation to the theatre .
In 2008 , a collection of original illustrations featuring Winnie-the-Pooh and his animal friends sold for more than £ 1.2 million at auction in Sotheby 's , London .
Titles References External links

[[928]]
No explicit view regarding the absolute truth of axioms is ever taken in the context of modern mathematics , as such a thing is considered to be an irrelevant and impossible contradiction in terms .
While commenting Euclid 's books Proclus remarks that " Geminus held that this [ 4th ] Postulate should not be classed as a postulate but as an axiom , since it does not , like the first three Postulates , assert the possibility of some construction but expresses an essential property " .
Tautologies excluded , nothing can be deduced if nothing is assumed .
Such a hypothesis was termed a postulate .
The development of hyperbolic geometry taught mathematicians that postulates should be regarded as purely formal statements , and not as facts based on experience .
There are many examples of fields ; field theory gives correct knowledge about them all .
In the modern understanding , a set of axioms is any collection of formally stated assertions from which other formally stated assertions follow by the application of certain well-defined rules .
In this view , logic becomes just another formal system .
A set of axioms should be consistent ; it should be impossible to derive a contradiction from the axiom .
Furthermore , using techniques of forcing ( Cohen ) one can show that the continuum hypothesis ( Cantor ) is independent of the Zermelo – Fraenkel axioms .
In 1905 , Newton 's axioms were replaced by those of Albert Einstein 's special relativity , and later on by those of general relativity .
As a consequence , it is not necessary to explicitly cite Einstein 's axioms , the more so since they concern subtle points on the " reality " and " locality " of experiments .
Other axiom schemas involving the same or different sets of primitive connectives can be alternatively constructed .
These axiom schemata are also used in the predicate calculus , but additional logical axioms are needed to include a quantifier in the calculus .
( See Substitution of variables . )
Aside from this , we can also have Existential Generalization : Axiom scheme for Existential Generalization .
that is substitutable for x \ , in \ phi \ , , the formula \ phi ^ x_t \ to \ exists x \ , \ phi is universally valid .
ArithmeticThe Peano axioms are the most widely used axiomatization of first-order arithmetic .
Ultimately , the fifth postulate was found to be independent of the first four .
Indeed , one can assume that exactly one parallel through a point outside a line exists , or that infinitely many exist .
Ultimately , the abstract parallels between algebraic systems were seen to be more important than the details and modern algebra was born .
It was derived from the Phoenician letter Aleph .
In Modern Greek , vowel length has been lost , and all instances of alpha represent the short .
It is also commonly used in mathematics in algebraic solutions representing quantities such as angles .
Ammonius asks Plutarch what he , being a Boeotia n , has to say for Cadmus , the Phoenicia n who reputedly settled in Thebes and introduced the alphabet to Greece , placing alpha first because it is the Phoenician name for ox — which , unlike Hesiod , the Phoenicians considered not the second or third , but the first of all necessities . "
Alpha and Omega Alpha , both as a symbol and term , is used to refer to or describe a variety of things , including the first or most significant occurrence of something .
( Revelation 22:13 , KJV , and see also 1:8 ) .
Language The term " alpha " has been used to denote position in social hierarchy , an example being " alpha male " .

Toffler is married to Heidi Toffler , also a writer and futurist .
Alvin became a millwright and welder .
” Toffler is also frequently cited as stating : " Tomorrow 's illiterate will not be the man who ca n't read ; he will be the man who has not learned how to learn . "
Information can substitute most of the material resources ( see ersatz ) and becomes the main material for workers ( cognitarian s instead of proletarian s ) , who are loosely affiliated .
Mass customization offers the possibility of cheap , personalized , production catering to small niches ( see just-in-time production ) .
In some cases prosuming entails a “ third job ” where the corporation “ outsources ” its labor not to other countries , but to the unpaid consumer , such as when we do our own banking through an ATM instead of a teller that the bank must employ , or trace our own postal packages on the internet instead of relying on a paid clerk .
Since the 1960s , people have been trying to make sense out of the impact of new technologies and social change .
And satellites increase agricultural productivity through tracking weather , enabling more accurate forecasts .
The Amazing Spider-Man has been the character 's flagship series for his first fifty years in publication , and was the only monthly series to star Spider-Man until Peter Parker , The Spectacular Spider-Man in 1976 ( although 1972 saw the debut of Marvel Team-Up , with the vast majority of issues featuring Spider-Man along with a rotating cast of other Marvel characters ) .
By focusing on Parker 's everyday problems , Lee and Ditko created a groundbreakingly flawed , self-doubting superhero , and the first major teenaged superhero to be a protagonist and not a sidekick .
One of the most celebrated issues of the Lee-Ditko run is # 33 ( Feb. 1966 ) , the third part of the story arc " If This Be My Destiny " , and featuring the dramatic scene of Spider-Man , through force of will and thoughts of family , escaping from being pinned by heavy machinery .
Editor Robert Greenberger wrote in his introduction to the story that " These first five pages are a modern-day equivalent to Shakespeare as Parker 's soliloquy sets the stge for his next action .
The CCA subsequently loosened the Code to permit negative depictions of drugs , among other new freedoms .
The second installment was the first Amazing Spider-Man story not written by co-creator Lee , with Roy Thomas taking over writing the book for several months before Lee returned to write # 105-110 ( Feb.-July 1972 ) .
Lee , who was going on to become Marvel Comics ' publisher , with Thomas becoming editor-in-chief , then turned writing duties over to 19-year-old wunderkind Gerry Conway , who scripted the series through 1975 .
Archie Goodwin and Gil Kane produced the title 's 150th issue ( Nov. 1975 ) before Len Wein became writer with issue # 151 .
Wein 's last story on Amazing was a five-issue arc in # 176-180 ( Jan.-May 1978 ) featuring a third Green Goblin ( Harry Osborn ’s psychiatrist , Bart Hamilton ) .
Marv Wolfman , Marvel 's editor-in-chief from 1975 to 1976 , succeeded Wein as writer , and in his first issue , # 182 ( July 1978 ) , had Parker propose marriage to Watson who refused , in the following issue .
Writer Marv Wolfman and penciler Keith Pollard both left the title by mid-year , succeeded by Dennis O'Neil , a writer known for groundbreaking 1970s work at rival DC Comics , and penciler John Romita , Jr. .
During his two years on the title , Stern augmented the backgrounds of long-established Spider-Man villains , and with Romita Jr. created the mysterious supervillain the Hobgoblin in # 238-239 ( March – April 1983 ) .
Notably , in # 257 ( Oct. 1984 ) , Watson tells Parker that she knows he is Spider-Man , and in # 259 ( Dec. 1984 ) , she reveals to Parker the extent of her troubled childhood .
McFarlane 's other significant contribution to the Spider-Man canon was the design for what would become one of Spider-Man 's most wildly popular antagonists , the supervillain Venom .
Issues # 361-363 ( April – June 1992 ) introduced Carnage , a second symbiote nemesis for Spider-Man .
This plot twist was massively unpopular with many readers , and was later reversed in the " Revelations " story arc that crossed over the Spider-Man books in late 1996 .
The series picked up again with # 407 ( Jan. 1996 ) , with Tom DeFalco returning as writer .
2 , # 58 ( Nov. 2003 ) , the title reverted completely to its original numbering for # 500 ( Dec. 2003 ) .
This knowledge was erased from the world with the event of the four-part , crossover story arc , " One More Day " , written partially by J. Michael Straczynski and illustrated by Joe Quesada , running through The Amazing Spider-Man # 544-545 ( Nov.-Dec .

As a result , the number and types of ethnic/tribal groups in existence at that time may have been much more varied and numerous than just the two mentioned in this article .
A Council of Ministers is appointed by the Governor General on the advice of the Prime Minister , currently Winston Baldwin Spencer ( 1948 – ) .
The bicameral Parliament consists of the Senate ( 17 members appointed by members of the government and the opposition party , and approved by the Governor-General ) , and the House of Representatives ( 17 members elected by first past the post ) to serve five-year terms .
The Judicial Branch is the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court ( based in Saint Lucia ; one judge of the Supreme Court is a resident of the islands and presides over the High Court of Justice ) .
There is also a government owned state college in Antigua as well as the Antigua and Barbuda Institute of Information Technology ( ABIIT ) and the Antigua and Barbuda Hospitality Training Institute ( ABHTI ) .
Antigua has two international primary/secondary schools Including CCSET International , which offers the Ontario Secondary School Diploma , and Island Academy , which offers the International Baccalaureate .
There are also many other private schools but these institutions tend to follow the same local curriculum ( CXCs ) as government schools .
Family and religion play an important roles in the lives of Antiguans .
Sports Like many Commonwealth countries , cricket is the most popular sport .
Antigua hosted eight matches at the Sir Vivian Richards Stadium , which was completed on 11 February 2007 and can hold up to 20,000 people .
Initially the festival was held in October , but due to the inclement weather and local heavy clay soil ( like the battle ) making the festival difficult it was moved to July .
He served his full sentence , most of it at Spandau Prison in West Berlin .
In 1918 , the family moved permanently to their summer home , Schloss-Wolfsbrunnenweg , in Heidelberg .
Speer was active in sports , taking up skiing and mountaineering .
Instead , Speer followed in the footsteps of his father and grandfather and studied architecture .
In Munich , and continuing in Berlin , Speer began a close friendship , ultimately spanning over 50 years , with Rudolf Wolters , who also studied under Tessenow .
Despite this opposition , the two married in Berlin on 28 August 1928 ; seven years were to elapse before Margarete Speer was invited to stay at her in-laws ' home .
He was surprised to find Hitler dressed in a neat blue suit , rather than the brown uniform seen on Nazi Party posters , and was greatly impressed , not only with Hitler 's proposals , but also with the man himself .
The organizers of the 1933 Nürnberg Nazi Party rally asked Speer to submit designs for the rally , bringing him into contact with Hitler for the first time .
As Chancellor , Hitler had a residence in the building and came by every day to be briefed by Speer and the building supervisor on the progress of the renovations .
Speer described this as his most beautiful work , and as the only one that stood the test of time .
At the southern end of the avenue would be a huge triumphal arch ; it would be almost high , and able to fit the Arc de Triomphe inside its opening .
Speer hired Wolters as part of his design team , with special responsibility for the Prachtstrasse .
Speer was under significant psychological pressure during this period of his life .
In 1940 , Joseph Stalin proposed that Speer pay a visit to Moscow .
When Germany invaded the Soviet Union in 1941 , Speer came to doubt , despite Hitler 's reassurances , that his projects for Berlin would ever be completed .
Minister of Armaments Appointment and increasing power On February 8 , 1942 , Minister of Armaments Fritz Todt died in a plane crash shortly after taking off from Hitler 's eastern headquarters at Rastenburg .
Later that day , Hitler appointed Speer as Todt 's successor to all of his posts .
Shocked by the conditions there ( 5.7 percent of the work force died that month ) , and to ensure the workers were in good enough shape to perform the labor , Speer ordered improved conditions for the workers and the construction of the above-ground Dora camp .
In spite of these changes , half of the workers at Mittelwerk eventually died .
Judging Speer indispensable to the war effort , Field Marshal Erhard Milch persuaded Hitler to try to get his minister to reconsider .
On April 23 , 1944 , Speer went to see Hitler who agreed that " everything [ will ] stay as it was , [ Speer will ] remain the head of all German construction " .
Speer stated at Nuremberg , " I felt that it was my duty not to run away like a coward , but to stand up to him again . "
Hitler seemed calm and somewhat distracted , and the two had a long , disjointed conversation in which the dictator defended his actions and informed Speer of his intent to commit suicide and have his body burned .
Speer 's supposed assassination plan subsequently met with some scepticism , with Speer 's architectural rival Hermann Giesler sneering , " the second most powerful man in the state did not have a ladder . "
As time passed , the strict regimen was relaxed , especially during the three months in four that the three Western powers were in control ; the four occupying powers took overall control on a monthly rotation .
However , as a result of an offer from a sympathetic orderly , Speer was able to have his writings , which eventually amounted to 20,000 sheets , sent to Wolters .
He was also able to send letters and financial instructions , and to obtain writing paper and letters from the outside .
Though the prisoners brought some books with them in their personal property , Spandau Prison had no library so books were sent from Spandau 's municipal library .
Speer made himself widely available to historians and other enquirers .
Some of the species of Allium are important food plants for example onion s ( Allium cepa ) , chives ( A. schoenoprasum ) , garlic ( A. sativum and A. scordoprasum ) , and leek s ( A. porrum ) .
Nothoscordum ranges from Argentina to Canada .
In 1996 , a molecular phylogenetic study of the rbcL gene showed that Agapanthus was misplaced in Alliaceae , and the authors excluded it from the family .
They reduced the tribe Allieae to two genera , Allium and Milula , and transferred the rest of Allieae to Gilliesieae .

( Which of the two families is actually larger is unclear , owing to uncertainty about exactly how many species exist in each family ) .
The vernacular name daisy , widely applied to members of this family , is derived from its Old English meaning , dægesege , from dæges eage meaning " day 's eye , " and this was because the petals ( of Bellis perennis ) open at dawn and close at dusk .
The latter has been shown to be extensively paraphyletic , and has now been divided into 11 subfamilies , but the former still stands .
However , determining genera and species is notoriously difficult ( see " damned yellow composite " for example ) .
Some species have underground stems in the form of caudices or rhizome s. These can be fleshy or woody depending on the species .
The petal lips may be either very short , or long , in which case they form deeply lobed petals .
The latter is the only kind of floret in the Carduoideae , while the first kind is more widespread .
The calyx of the florets may be absent , but when present is always modified into a pappus of two or more teeth , scales or bristles and this is often involved in the dispersion of the seeds .
Many members of the family are grown as ornamental plants for their flowers and some are important ornamental crops for the cut flower industry .
The Apiaceae ( or Umbelliferae ) , commonly known as carrot or parsley family , are a family of mostly aromatic plant s with hollow stems .
The defining characteristic of this family is the inflorescence : a simple or compound umbel .
Some fruit segments ( like those in Daucus spp .
, celery ( Apium graveolens ) , arracacha ( Arracacia xanthorrhiza ) , poison hemlock ( Conium maculatum ) , sea holly ( Eryngium spp . )
Conium maculatum has been used as a sedative and in treatments for arthritis and asthma in addition to its most famous use : as a “ humane ” method of killing criminals and philosophers .
Chemistry Polyacetylene s can be found in Apiaceae vegetables like carrot , celery , fennel , parsley and parsnip where they show cytotoxic activities .
The function of the axon is to transmit information to different neurons , muscles and glands .
An axon is one of two types of protoplasm ic protrusions that extrude from the cell body of a neuron , the other type being dendrite s. Axons are distinguished from dendrites by several features , including shape ( dendrites often taper while axons usually maintain a constant radius ) , length ( dendrites are restricted to a small region around the cell body while axons can be much longer ) , and function ( dendrites usually receive signals while axons usually transmit them ) .
Most axons branch , in some cases very profusely .
Myelin is a layer of a fatty insulating substance , which is formed by two types of glial cells : Schwann cell s ensheathing peripheral neurons and oligodendrocyte s insulating those of the central nervous system .
If the brain of a vertebrate is extracted and sliced into thin sections , some parts of each section appear dark and other parts lighter in color .
The voltage-gated ion channels are known to be found within certain areas of the axonal membrane and initiate action potential , conduction , and synaptic transmission .
Thus in a myelinated axon , action potentials effectively " jump " from node to node , bypassing the myelinated stretches in between , resulting in a propagation speed much faster than even the fastest unmyelinated axon can sustain .
When an action potential reaches a presynaptic terminal , it activates the synaptic transmission process .
History Some of the first intracellular recordings in a nervous system were made in the late 1930s by K. Cole and H. Curtis .

Writing systems that indicate consonants but do not indicate most vowels ( like the Aramaic one ) or indicate them with added diacritical signs , have been called abjad s by Peter T. Daniels to distinguish them from later alphabets , such as Greek , that represent vowels more systematically .
Aramaic-derived scripts Since the evolution of the Aramaic alphabet out of the Phoenician one was a gradual process , the division of the world 's alphabets into those derived from the Phoenician one directly and those derived from Phoenician via Aramaic is somewhat artificial .
Mandaic is written in the Mandaic alphabet .

It became his trademark style .


AHL is relatively rare ( less than 100 cases have been reported in the medical literature as of 2006 ) , it is seen in about 2 % of ADEM cases , and is characterized by necrotizing vasculitis of venules and hemorrhage , and edema .
Ataxia ( from Greek α - [ a negative prefix ] + - τάξις [ order ] = " lack of order " ) , is a neurological sign consisting of lack of voluntary coordination of muscle movements .
Ataxia is a non-specific clinical manifestation implying dysfunction of the parts of the nervous system that coordinate movement , such as the cerebellum .
As the condition progresses , walking is characterized by a widened base and high stepping , as well as staggering and lurching from side to side .
There may also be slurring of speech , tremor of the voice and ataxic respiration .
Causes The three types of ataxia have overlapping causes , and therefore can either coexist or occur in isolation .
Exogenous substances Exogenous substances that cause ataxia mainly do so because they have a depressant effect on central nervous system function .
Vitamin B12 deficiency Vitamin B12 deficiency may cause , among several neurological abnormalities , overlapping cerebellar and sensory ataxia .
An example of X-linked ataxic condition is the rare fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome .
Treatment The treatment of ataxia and its effectiveness depend on the underlying cause .
Severe ataxia may eventually lead to the need for a wheelchair .
For example , muscle weakness and decreased endurance could lead to increasing fatigue and poorer movement patterns .
The International Cooperative Ataxia Rating Scale ( ICARS ) is one of the most widely used and has been proven to have very high reliability and validity .
These tests include , but are not limited to : Other uses The term " ataxia " is sometimes used in a broader sense to indicate lack of coordination in some physiological process .
At the center of the area they discover the Nameless City ( the setting of the Lovecraft story of the same name ) and in Derleth 's text the domain of the Great Old One Hastur .
Alhazred had been kidnapped in Damascus and brought to the Nameless City , where he had earlier studied and learned some of the Necronomicon s lore .
These notes contain what is considered the first computer program – that is , an algorithm encoded for processing by a machine .
On 21 April , Byron signed the Deed of Separation , although very reluctantly , and left England for good a few days later .
This set of events made Ada famous in Victorian society .
Annabella did not have a close relationship with the young Ada and would often leave her in the care of her grandmother Judith Milbanke , who doted on her .
In one letter to Judith , she referred to Ada as " it " : " I talk to it for your satisfaction , not my own , and shall be very glad when you have it under your own . "
Augusta Leigh purposely avoided Ada as much as possible when she was introduced at Court .
She danced often and was able to charm many people , and was described by most people as being dainty .
Ada also had a shadowy , possibly illicit relationship with Andrew Crosse ’s son John from 1844 onwards .
The illness lasted several months , in which time Annabella would take command over whom Ada saw , and excluded all of her friends and confidants .
In the same year , she wrote a review of a paper by Baron Karl von Reichenbach , ‘’ Researches on Magnetism ’’ , but this was not published and does not appear to have progressed past the first draft .
When ‘’ Taylor ’s Scientific Memoirs ’’ ruled that the statement should be signed , Babbage wrote to Ada asking her to withdraw the paper .
Luigi Menabrea , a young Italian engineer , and future Prime Minister of Italy , wrote up Babbage 's lecture in French , and this transcript was subsequently published in the Bibliothèque universelle de Genève in October 1842 .
Conceptual leap In her notes , Lovelace emphasized the difference between the Analytical Engine and previous calculating machines , particularly its ability to be programmed to solve problems of any complexity .
But the work had been completed by Babbage much earlier . "
The village computer center in the village of Porlock , near where Ada Lovelace lived , is named after her .
Commemoration " Ada Lovelace Day " is an annual event celebrated in mid-October whose goal is to " raise the profile of women in science , technology , engineering and maths " .
On the 197th anniversary of her birth , Google dedicated its Google Doodle to her .
His hobbies included fencing , swimming , chess , philately and comic-strips ( Derleth reportedly deployed the funding from his Guggenheim Fellowship to bind his comic book collection , most recently valued in the millions of dollars , rather than to travel abroad as the award intended . ) .
April died on March 21 , 2011 .
Derleth intended this series to comprise up to 50 novels telling the projected life-story of the region from the 19th century onwards , with analogies to Balzac 's Human Comedy and Proust 's Remembrance of Things Past .
In his fictional world , there is a unity much deeper and more fundamental than anything that can be conferred by an ideology .
The New York Herald Tribune observed that " Derleth ... deepens the value of his village setting by presenting in full the enduring natural background ; with the people projected against this , the writing comes to have the quality of an old Flemish picture , humanity lively and amusing and loveable in the foreground and nature magnificent beyond . "
What The Milwaukee Journal called " this beautiful little love story , " is an autobiographical novel of first love beset by small town religious bigotry .
These were followed in 1943 with Shadow of Night , a Scribners ' novel of which The Chicago Sun wrote : " Structurally it has the perfection of a carved jewel ... A psychological novel of the first order , and an adventure tale that is unique and inspiriting . "
A lighter side to the Sac Prairie Saga is a series of quasi-autobiographical short stories known as the " Gus Elker Stories , " amusing tales of country life that Peter Ruber , Derleth 's last editor , said were " ... models of construction and ... fused with some of the most memorable characters in American literature . "
Most notable among this work was a series of 70 stories in affectionate pastiche of Sherlock Holmes , whose creator , Sir Arthur Conan Doyle , he admired greatly .
These included one published novel as well ( Mr. Fairlie 's Final Journey ) .
Vincent Starrett , in his foreword to the 1964 edition of The Casebook of Solar Pons , wrote that the series is " ... as sparkling a galaxy of Sherlockian pastiches as we have had since the canonical entertainments came to an end . "
There are indeed tales wherein Derleth 's protagonists get off scot-free ( like " The Shadow in the Attic " , " Witches ' Hollow " , or " The Shuttered Room " ) , but often the hero is doomed ( e.g. , " The House in the Valley " , " The Peabody Heritage " , " Something in Wood " ) , as in Lovecraft .
Important as was Derleth 's work to rescue H.P. Lovecraft from literary obscurity at the time of Lovecraft 's death , Derleth also built a body of horror and spectral fiction of his own ; still frequently anthologized .
The best of this work , recently reprinted in four volumes of short stories – most of which were originally published in Weird Tales , illustrates Derleth 's original abilities in the genre .
Other works Although Derleth was not a trained historian , he wrote many historical novels , as part of both the Sac Prairie Saga and the Wisconsin Saga .
Derleth , while not a professional historian , was , according to former Wisconsin state historian William F. Thompson , " ... a very competent regional historian who based his historical writing upon research in the primary documents and who regularly sought the help of professionals ... . "
Bibliography Novels Short story collections Sac Prairie Saga Solar Pons Horror & Lovecraft-Mythos Science fiction Other Short fiction Journals ( Sac Prairie Saga ) Poems Poetry collections Essays/articles Biography History Anthologies As Stephen Grendon With H. P. Lovecraft With Marc R. Schorer Other collaborations Awards See also Notes References Further reading External links

In 1800 Napoleon crossed one of the mountain passes with an army of 40,000 .
The Winter Olympic Games have been hosted in the Swiss , French , Italian , Austrian and German Alps .
Passes The Alps have been crossed for war and commerce , and by pilgrims , students and tourists .
The bottom nappe structure is of continental European origin , above which are stacked marine sediment nappes , topped off by nappes derived from the African plate .
The first British Mont Blanc ascent was in 1788 ; the first female ascent in 1819 .
This causes erosion and the formation of valleys over time .
Cities such as Milan depend on 80 percent of water from Alpine runoff .
Water from the rivers is used in over 500 hydroelectricity power plants , generating as much as 2900 kilowatts per hour of electricity .
Tributary valleys , some of which are complicated , channel water to the main valleys which can experience flooding during the snow melt season when rapid runoff causes debris torrents and swollen rivers .
Furthermore , the decrease of glaciated areas combined with a succession of winters with lower-than-expected precipitation may have a future impact on the rivers in the Alps as well as an effect on the water availability to the lowlands .
High-water levels in streams and rivers peak in June and July when the snow is still melting at the higher altitudes .
Gentians are named after the Illyria n king Gentius , and 40 species of the early-spring blooming flower grow in the Alps , in a range of to .
Gentians tend to " appear " repeatedly as the spring blooming takes place at progressively later dates , A moving from the lower altitude to the higher altitude meadows where the snow melts much later than in the valleys .
On the highest rocky ledges the spring flowers bloom in the summer .
The Eritrichium nanum , commonly known as the King of the Alps , is the most elusive of the alpine flowers , growing on rocky ridges at to .
Areas of the eastern Alps are still home to brown bears .
Standing stones have been found in Alpine areas of France and Italy .
Among the many substances Celtic tribes mined was salt in areas such as Salzburg in Austria where evidence of the Hallstatt culture was found by a mine manager in the 19th century .
In Switzerland , Château de Chillon is preserved as an example of medieval architecture .
In 1291 to protect themselves from incursions by the Hapsburgs , four cantons in the middle of Switzerland drew up a charter that is considered to be a declaration of independence from neighboring kingdoms .
Exploration Radiocarbon dated charcoal placed around 50,000 years ago was found in the Drachloch ( Dragon 's Hole ) cave above the village of Vattis in the canton of St. Gallen , proving that the high peaks were visited by prehistoric people .
Charles VII of France ordered his chamberlain to climb Mont Aiguille in 1356 .
Two men who first explored the regions of ice and snow were Horace-Bénédict de Saussure ( 1740 – 1799 ) in the Pennine Alps , and the Benedictine monk of Disentis Placidus a Spescha ( 1752 – 1833 ) .
The Alpanschluss or Desalpes ( " coming down from the alps " ) is celebrated by decorating the cows with garlands and enormous cowbell s while the farmers dress in traditional costumes .
Food is passed from the kitchen to the stube , where the dining room table is placed .
Other meals are still served in a traditional manner on carved wooden plates .
With over 120 million visitors a year tourism is integral to the Alpine economy with much it coming from winter sports although summer visitors are an important component of the tourism industry .
The Lauberhorn is the more strenuous downhill race at and poses danger to racers who reach within seconds of leaving the start gate .

Early years Albert Camus was born on 7 November 1913 in Dréan ( then known as Mondovi ) in French Algeria to a Pied-Noir family .
After he contracted tuberculosis ( TB ) in 1930 , he had to end his football activities ( he had been a goalkeeper for the university team ) and reduce his studies to part-time .
In 1936 , the independence-minded Algerian Communist Party ( PCA ) was founded .
In 1934 , he married Simone Hié , a morphine addict , but the marriage ended as a consequence of infidelities on both sides .
In the same year he finished his first books , The Stranger and The Myth of Sisyphus .
This group worked against the Nazis , and in it Camus assumed the nom de guerre Beauchard .
Despite his split from his " study partner " , Sartre , some still argue that Camus falls into the existentialist camp .
In 1953 , he criticized Soviet methods to crush a workers ' strike in East Berlin .
He identified with the pied-noir s such as his own parents and defended the French government 's actions against the revolt .
Behind the scenes , he began to work for imprisoned Algerians who faced the death penalty .
In 1957 he was awarded the Nobel Prize in literature " for his important literary production , which with clear-sighted earnestness illuminates the problems of the human conscience in our times " , not for his novel The Fall , published the previous year , but for his writings against capital punishment in the essay " Réflexions sur la Guillotine " ( Reflections on the Guillotine ) .
Death Camus died on 4 January 1960 at the age of 46 , in a car accident near Sens , in Le Grand Fossard in the small town of Villeblevin .
For example , Sartre recognizes the absurdity of individual experience , while Kierkegaard explains that the absurdity of certain religious truths prevent us from reaching God rationally .
He emphasizes the fact that happiness is fleeting and that the human condition is one of mortality ; for Camus , this is cause for a greater appreciation for life and happiness .
In Le Mythe , dualism becomes a paradox : we value our own lives in spite of our mortality and in spite of the universe 's silence .
Our life must have meaning for us to value it .
Second Letter to a German Friend , December 1943 .
Camus is said to have replied , " Football , without hesitation . "
First novels : 1919 – 1923 Christie had long been a fan of detective novels , having enjoyed Wilkie Collins ' The Woman in White and The Moonstone as well as Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's early Sherlock Holmes stories .
When Archie was offered a job organising a world tour to promote the British Empire Exhibition , the couple left their daughter with Agatha 's mother and sister and travelled to South Africa , Australia , New Zealand and Hawaii .
Although two doctors had diagnosed her as suffering from psychogenic fugue , opinion remains divided .
Their marriage was always happy , continuing until Christie 's death in 1976 .
Christie 's 1934 novel Murder on the Orient Express was written in the Pera Palace Hotel in Istanbul , Turkey , the southern terminus of the railway .
Abney became Agatha 's greatest inspiration for country-house life , with all the servants and grandeur which have been woven into her plots .
Feeling tied down , stuck with a love interest , she did marry off Hastings in an attempt to trim her cast commitments .
In contrast , Christie was fond of Miss Marple .
Christie never wrote a novel or short story featuring both Poirot and Miss Marple .
Following the great success of Curtain , Dame Agatha gave permission for the release of Sleeping Murder sometime in 1976 but died in January 1976 before the book could be released .
It may be that Christie simply did not have time to revise the manuscript before she died .
Murder on the Links began with news from France , a wife debunked , who claimed intruders tied her up and murdered her husband .
The Big Four , helped by Archie 's brother Cambell , was a stop-gap collection of Sketch magazine stories , for money when her husband left .
Most often , she is lovingly affectionate or teasing with her prejudices .
While accompanying Mallowan on countless archaeological trips ( spending up to 3 – 4 months at a time in Syria and Iraq at excavation sites at Ur , Ninevah , Tell Arpachiyah , Chagar Bazar , Tell Brak , and Nimrud ) , Christie not only wrote novels and short stories , but also contributed work to the archaeological sites , more specifically to the archaeological restoration and labeling of ancient exhibits which includes tasks such as cleaning and conserving delicate ivory pieces , reconstructing pottery , developing photos from early excavations which later led to taking photographs of the site and its findings , and taking field notes .
After the Second World War , she chronicled her time in Syria with fondness in " Come Tell Me How You Live " .
Spirituality Christie 's life within the archaeological world not only shaped her settings and characters for her books but also in the issues she highlights .
The large amount of travel done by Christie and Mallowan has not only made for a great writing theme , as shown in her famous novel The Murder on the Orient Express , but also tied into the idea of archaeology as an adventure that has become so important in today 's popular culture as described by Cornelius Holtorf in his book Archaeology is a Brand .
HarperCollins independently began issuing this series also in 2007 .
In addition to the titles issued the following titles are also planned for release : Video games Animation In 2004 the Japanese broadcasting company Nippon Hōsō Kyōkai turned Poirot and Marple into animated characters in the anime series Agatha Christie 's Great Detectives Poirot and Marple , introducing Mabel West ( daughter of Miss Marple 's mystery-writer nephew Raymond West , a canonical Christie character ) and her duck Oliver as new characters .
It asks a number of questions relating to the nature of destiny and the human condition .
The novel is believed to be based on the cholera epidemic that killed a large percentage of Oran 's population in 1849 following French colonization , but the novel is placed in the 1940s .
Camus included a dim-witted character misreading The Trial as a mystery novel as an oblique homage .
Authorities responding to public pressure order the collection and cremation of the rats , unaware that the collection itself was the catalyst for the spread of the bubonic plague .
Authorities , including the Prefect , are slow to accept that the situation is serious and quibble over the appropriate action to take .
Homes are quarantined ; corpses and burials are strictly supervised .
One character , Raymond Rambert , devises a plan to escape the city to join his lover in Paris after city officials refused his request to leave .
When Othon 's period of quarantine ends , he elects to stay in the camp as a volunteer because this will make him feel less separated from his dead son .
Rieux 's wife also dies .
Rambert is reunited with his wife .
Grand begins working on his sentence again .
The feeling of exile produces many changes in attitudes and behaviors .
The plague comes unannounced and may strike down anyone at any time .
Should they resign themselves to it , accept it as inevitable , and seek what solace they can as individuals , or should they join with others and fight back , even though they must live with the certainty that they can not win ?
Paneloux is moved with compassion for the child , and he takes up the question of innocent suffering in his second sermon .
He deliberately adopts the tone of an impartial observer .
This also explains why the style of The Plague often gives the impression of distance and detachment .
Camus draws from his own experience of isolation during the war in writing The Plague .
Casuistry does not begin with theory , rather it starts with the immediate facts of a real and concrete case .
Casuists , like Albert Jonsen and Stephen Toulmin ( The Abuse of Casuistry 1988 ) , challenge the traditional paradigm of applied ethics .

For example : Absolute value is used to define the absolute difference , the standard metric on the real numbers .
Complex numbers Since the complex number s are not ordered , the definition given above for the real absolute value can not be directly generalised for a complex number .
However the geometric interpretation of the absolute value of a real number as its distance from 0 can be generalised .
The complex absolute value shares all the properties of the real absolute value given in equations ( 2 ) – ( 11 ) above .
Absolute value function The real absolute value function is continuous everywhere .
Since a real number and its negative have the same absolute value , it is an even function , and is hence not invertible .
In the case of Euclidean space Rn , the function defined by is a norm called the Euclidean norm .

[[993]]
It differs from a digital signal , in which a continuous quantity is represented by a discrete function which can only take on one of a finite number of values .
Christie 's Poirot was a francophone Belgian .
By 1930 , Agatha Christie found Poirot " insufferable " , and by 1960 she felt that he was a " detestable , bombastic , tiresome , ego-centric little creep " .
He is also fastidious about his personal finances , preferring to keep a bank balance of 444 pounds , 4 shillings , and 4 pence .
This aspect of Poirot is less evident in the later novels , partly because there is rarely a narrator so there is no one for Poirot to mislead .
As early as Murder on the Links , where he still largely depends on clues , Poirot mocks a rival " bloodhound " detective who focuses on the traditional trail of clues that had been established in detective fiction by the example of Sherlock Holmes : footprints , fingerprints and cigar ash .
He admits as much : In the later novels Christie often uses the word mountebank when Poirot is being assessed by other characters , showing that he has successfully passed himself off as a charlatan or fraud .
A brief passage in The Big Four furnishes possible information about Poirot 's birth or at least childhood in or near the town of Spa , Belgium or in the village of Ellezelles ( province of Hainaut , Belgium - a few memorials dedicated to Hercule Poirot can be seen in the center of this village ) : " But we did not go into Spa itself .
Poirot ’s police years As an adult , Poirot joined the Belgian police force .
Career as a private detective " I had called in at my friend Poirot 's rooms to find him sadly overworked .
It was here , on 16 July 1916 , that he again met his lifelong friend , Captain Arthur Hastings , and solved the first of his cases to be published : The Mysterious Affair at Styles .
It has been said that twelve cases related in The Labours of Hercules ( 1947 ) must refer to a different retirement , but the fact that Poirot specifically says that he intends to grow marrows indicates that these stories also take place before Roger Ackroyd , and presumably Poirot closed his agency once he had completed them .
If the Labours precede the events in Roger Ackroyd , then the Roger Ackroyd case must have taken place around twenty years later than it was published , and so must any of the cases that refer to it .
In terms of a rudimentary chronology , Poirot speaks of retiring to grow marrows in Chapter 18 of The Big Four ( 1927 ) , which places that novel out of published order before Roger Ackroyd .
He declines to solve a case for the Home Secretary because he is retired in Chapter One of Peril at End House ( 1932 ) .
Towards the end of his career , it becomes clear that Poirot 's retirement is no longer a convenient fiction .
Poirot ( and , it is reasonable to suppose , his creator ) becomes increasingly bemused by the vulgarism of the up-and-coming generation 's young people .
Poirot himself noted that he wanted to kill his victim shortly before his own death so that he could avoid succumbing to the arrogance of the murderer , concerned that he may come to view himself as entitled to kill those he deemed necessary to eliminate .
The ' murderer ' he was hunting had never expressly killed anyone , but subtly and psychologically , he had manipulated others to kill for him , manipulating the moments where others desire to commit murder so that they carry out the crime when they might otherwise dismiss their thoughts as nothing more than the heat of the moment .
Hastings marries and has four children – two sons and two daughters .
However , when forced to choose between Poirot and his wife in that novel , he initially chooses to betray Poirot to the Big Four so that they would not torture and kill his wife .
A marked difference from the text exists in Moran 's portrayal , where she is shown to be an attractive , fashionable and emotional woman showing an occasional soft corner for Poirot .
Chief Inspector James Harold Japp Japp is an Inspector from Scotland Yard and appears in many of the stories trying to solve the cases Poirot is working on .
The film was based on the stage play .
The series , adapting several of the best-known Poirot and Marple stories , ran from 4 July 2004 through 15 May 2005 , and has since been shown in repeated reruns on NHK and other networks in Japan .
In 1939 , Orson Welles and the Mercury Players dramatized The Murder of Roger Ackroyd on CBS 's Campbell Playhouse .
In the movie Spice World , Hercule Poirot ( Hugh Laurie ) is about to blame a weapons-packing Emma Bunton , but after she flashes him an innocent smile , Poirot instead accuses an innocent man of the crime .
Her first appearance in a full-length novel was in The Murder at the Vicarage in 1930 .
Agatha Christie attributed the inspiration for the character of Miss Marple to a number of sources : Miss Marple was " the sort of old lady who would have been rather like some of my step grandmother 's Ealing cronies – old ladies whom I have met in so many villages where I have gone to stay as a girl " .
This change saddened Christie and she determined to give old maids a voice : Miss Marple was born .
Her nephew , the " well-known author " Raymond West appears in Vicarage , his wife Joan ( initially Joyce ) , a modern artist , in The Thirteen Problems .
In her later years , companion Cherry Baker , first introduced in The Mirror Crack 'd From Side to Side , lives in .
Miss Marple has never worked for her living and is of independent means , although she benefits in her old age from the financial support of Raymond West , her nephew ( A Caribbean Mystery , 1964 ) .
Christie wrote a concluding novel to her Marple series , Sleeping Murder , in 1940 .
Books about Miss Marple Films Margaret Rutherford Although popular from her first appearance in 1930 , Jane Marple had to wait thirty-two years for her first big-screen appearance .
Miss Marple herself sees an apparent murder committed on a train running alongside hers .

The 30th day was added during the reform of the calendar undertaken by Julius Caesar in the mid-40s BC , which produced the Julian calendar .
The Anglo-Saxons called April Oster-monath or Eostur-monath .
The Jewish Encyclopedia suggests two possible accounts of Aaron 's death .
There Moses stripped Aaron of his priestly garments and transferred them to Eleazar .
The part played by Aaron in the events that preceded the Exodus was , therefore , ministerial , and not directive .
However , Aaron 's snake ate up all the other snakes ( Exodus 7:9 ) proving his rod was victorious .
At the intercession of Moses , Aaron was saved from the plague which smote the people ( Deuteronomy 9:20 , Exodus 32:35 ) , although it was against Aaron ’s tribe of Levi that the work of punitive vengeance was committed ( Exodus 32:26 ) .
Priesthood At the time when the tribe of Levi was set apart for the priestly service , Aaron was anointed and consecrated to the priesthood , arrayed in the robes of his office , and instructed in its manifold duties ( Exodus 28 , Exodus 29 ) .
The office of the Aaronites was at first merely to take care of the lamp that was to burn perpetually before the veil of the tabernacle ( Exodus 27:21 ) .
They " came forth and blessed the people .
Aaron himself was not struck with the plague on account of sacerdotal immunity ; and Miriam , after seven days ’ quarantine , was healed and restored to favor .
Each of the tribal princes of Israel took a rod and wrote his name upon it , and the twelve rods were laid up over night in the tent of meeting .
Of the death of Aaron we have two accounts .
Accompanied by Moses , his brother , and by Eleazar , his son , Aaron went to the summit of Mount Hor , where the rock suddenly opened before him and a beautiful cave lit by a lamp presented itself to his view . "
angels were seen carrying Aaron 's bier through the air .
Moses and Aaron met in gladness of heart , kissing each other as true brothers ( Exodus 4:27 ; compare Song of Songs 8:1 ) , and of them it is written : " Behold how good and how pleasant [ it is ] for brethren to dwell together in unity ! "
Again , mercy was personified in Aaron , according to Deuteronomy 33:8 , and truth in Moses , according to Numbers 12:7 .
The mourning of the people at Aaron ’s death was greater , therefore , than at that of Moses ; for whereas , when Aaron died the whole house of Israel wept , including the women , ( ) Moses was bewailed by " the sons of Israel " only ( ) .
Aaron 's significance in Islam , however , is not limited to his role as the helper of Moses .
It is here that the Qur ' anic narrative of the incident sharply contrasts with the Biblical story , which blames Aaron for making the golden calf .
In reply , the Prophet said : " They lie , I bade thee remain for the sake of what I had left behind me .
The painting offers a portrayal of the single figure of Aaron in his priestly garments celebrating Yom Kippur in the wilderness Tabernacle .
The Mola " Aaron " is considered the unique single figure of Aaron to have been painted by an old master artist , circa 15th – 18th centuries ( A. Pigler , " Barockthemen " Vol .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links


The suffix - ol in non-systematic names ( such as paracetamol or cholesterol ) also typically indicates that the substance includes a hydroxyl functional group and , so , can be termed an alcohol .
Tertiary alcohols can not be metabolised into aldehydes and as a result they cause no hangover or toxicity through this mechanism .
Simple alcohols , in particular , ethanol and methanol , possess denaturing and inert rendering properties , leading to their use as anti-microbial agents in medicine , pharmacy , and industry .
History and etymology The first alcohol ( today known as ethyl alcohol ) was discovered by the tenth-century Persian alchemist al-Razi .
Also , the term ethanol was invented 1838 , modeled on German äthyl ( Liebig ) , from Greek aither ( see ether ) + hyle " stuff . " .
Physical and chemical properties Alcohols have an odor that is often described as “ biting ” and as “ hanging ” in the nasal passages .
In general , the hydroxyl group makes the alcohol molecule polar .
This cools the pressurized air , providing a denser air charge , which allows for more fuel , and therefore more power .
Another reduction by aluminiumisopropylates is the Meerwein-Ponndorf-Verley reduction .
Electron-withdrawing group s attached to the carbon containing the hydroxyl group will serve to stabilize the alkoxide when formed , thus resulting in greater acidity .
With alkyl halide s alkoxides give rise to ether s in the Williamson ether synthesis .
Reagents useful for the transformation of primary alcohols to aldehydes are normally also suitable for the oxidation of secondary alcohols to ketones .
The island is 87 % peat bog .
The island would have been mostly forest until the Neolithic people began crop cultivation .
Granuaile maintained a castle at Kildownet in the 16th century .
She died around 1603 and is buried in the O'Malley family tomb on Clare Island .
The ' Colony ' was very successful for a time and regularly produced a newspaper called the ' Achill Missionary Herald ' .
Kildamhnait on the south east coast of Achill is named after St. Damhnait , or Dymphna , who founded a church there in the 16th century .
For a while there were two different dialect s of Irish being spoken on Achill .
A Franciscan Monastery was built which , for many years provided an education for local children .
Specifically , some of the people of Dooagh and Pollagh would migrate in the summer to Slievemore and then go back to Dooagh in the autumn .
The cliffs of Croaghaun on the western end of the island are the third highest sea cliff s in Europe but are inaccessible by road .
The mountain Slievemore ( 672 m ) rises dramatically in the north of the island and the Atlantic Drive ( along the south/west of the island ) has some dramatically beautiful views .
At one stage , the island was known for its shark fishing , basking shark in particular was fished for its valuable liver oil .
Despite healthy visitor numbers each year , the common perception is that tourism in Achill has been slowly declining since its heyday .
Education Hedge schools existed in most villages of Achill in various periods of history .
However in August ,2011 the two schools amalgamated to form Colaiste Pobail Acla .
There are nine National Schools including Bullsmouth NS , Valley NS , Bunnacurry NS , Dookinella NS , Dooagh NS , Saulia NS , Achill Sound NS , Tonragee NS and Curanne NS .
With a large sheep population , Achill lamb is a very popular meal on the island too .
Card games , including Whist and 24 card game are also popular on Achill .
Architecture Because of the inhospitable climate , few inhabited houses date from before the 20th century , though there are many examples of abandoned stone structures dating to the 19th century .

J. D. McClatchy , editor of the Yale Review , called Ginsberg " the best-known American poet of his generation , as much a social force as a literary phenomenon . "
His achievements as a writer as well as his notoriety as an activist gained him honors from established institutions .
The trip deeply disturbed Ginsberg – he mentioned it and other moments from his childhood in " Kaddish " .
Ginsberg also later claimed that at the core of " Howl " were his unresolved emotions about his schizophrenic mother .
Peter Whitehead documented the event on film and released it as Wholly Communion .
After learning that A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada , the founder of the Hare Krishna movement in the Western world had rented a store front in New York , he befriended him , visiting him often and suggesting publishers for his books , and a fruitful relationship began .
It featured some leading rock bands of the time : Big Brother and the Holding Company with Janis Joplin , The Grateful Dead , and Moby Grape , who performed there along with the Hare Krishna founder Bhaktivedanta Swami and donated proceeds to the Krishna temple .
Ginsberg was a lifelong smoker , and though he tried to quit for health and religious reasons , his busy schedule in later life made it difficult , and he always returned to smoking .
When the drooping ( apparent in later television interviews ) did not disappear , Allen was diagnosed with Reynaud 's disease .
Final years In 1986 Ginsberg was awarded the Golden Wreath by the Struga Poetry Evenings International Festival in Macedonia , as the second American poet since WH Auden .
Ginsberg continued to help his friends as much as he could , going so far as to give money to Herbert Huncke out of his own pocket , and housing a broke and drug addicted Harry Smith .
He died April 5 , 1997 , surrounded by family and friends in his East Village loft in New York City , succumbing to liver cancer via complications of hepatitis .
Dr. Joel Gaidemak , Ginsberg 's cousin , examined him and said that the end was close ; a few moments later he stopped breathing .
Gehlek Rinpoche , Ginsberg 's guru after the death of Chogyam , had given Peter Hale something to touch to Ginsberg 's lips to symbolize his last earthly meal .
Numerous books that discussed sex were banned at the time , including Lady Chatterley ’s Lover .
Ginsberg used gritty descriptions and explicit sexual language , pointing out the man “ who lounged hungry and lonesome through Houston seeking jazz or sex or soup .
He was present the night of the Tompkins Square Park Police Riot in 1988 and provided an eyewitness account to The New York Times .
Gay rights One contribution that is often considered his most significant and most controversial was his openness about homosexuality .
In the essay , he referred to NAMBLA " as a forum for reform of those laws on youthful sexuality which members deem oppressive , a discussion society not a sex club . "
Soon after , he wrote " Howl " , the poem that brought him and his friends much fame and allowed him to live as a professional poet for the rest of his life .
Solomon wanted to commit suicide , but he thought a form of suicide appropriate to dadaism would be to go to a mental institution and demand a lobotomy .
The personal aspects of " Howl " are perhaps as important as the political aspects .
Though he disliked these early poems , Williams loved the exuberance in Ginsberg 's letter .
Style and technique From the study of his idols and mentors and the inspiration of his friends — not to mention his own experiments — Ginsberg developed an individualistic style that 's easily identified as Ginsbergian . "
Howl " and " Kaddish " , arguably his two most important poems , are both organized as an inverted pyramid , with larger sections leading to smaller sections .
[[1018]]
On the other hand , that the property stated here holds for F if F is algebraically closed follows from the previous property together with the fact that , for any field K , any polynomial in K [ x ] can be written as a product of irreducible polynomials .
On the other hand , suppose that the property stated above holds for the field F. Let p ( x ) be an irreducible element in F [ x ] .
Relatively prime polynomials and roots For any field F , if two polynomials p ( x ) , q ( x ) ∈ F [ x ] are relatively prime then they do not have a common root , for if a ∈ F was a common root , then p ( x ) and q ( x ) would both be multiples of x − a and therefore they would not be relatively prime .

Match with Fischer in 1975 Though a world championship match between Karpov and Fischer was highly anticipated , those hopes were never realised .
Fischer insisted that the match be the first to ten wins ( draws not counting ) , but that the champion would retain the crown if the score was tied 9 – 9 .
Garry Kasparov argued that Karpov would have had good chances , because he had beaten Spassky convincingly and was a new breed of tough professional , and indeed had higher quality games , while Fischer had been inactive for three years .
He convincingly won the very strong Milan tournament in 1975 , and captured his first of three Soviet titles in 1976 .
He also won the prestigious Bugojno tournament in 1978 ( shared ) and 1980 , the Linares tournament in 1981 ( shared with Larry Christiansen ) and 1994 , the Tilburg tournament in 1977 , 1979 , 1980 , 1982 , and 1983 , and the Soviet Championship in 1976 , 1983 , and 1988 .
Karpov represented the Soviet Union at six Chess Olympiads , in all of which the USSR won the team gold medal .
To illustrate Karpov 's dominance over his peers as champion , his score was +11 − 2 = 20 versus Spassky , +5 = 12 versus Robert Hübner , +6 − 1 = 16 versus Ulf Andersson , +3 − 1 = 10 versus Vasily Smyslov , +1 = 16 versus Mikhail Tal , +10 − 2 = 13 versus Ljubojević .
Karpov had cemented his position as the world 's best player and world champion by the time Garry Kasparov arrived on the scene .
A rematch was set for later in 1985 , also in Moscow .
However , chess statistician Jeff Sonas still considers Karpov 's Linares performance as the best tournament result in history .
Towards retirement Karpov 's outstanding classical tournament play has been seriously limited since 1995 , since he prefers to be more involved in politics of his home country of Russia .
In the September 2009 FIDE rating list , he dropped out of the world 's Top 100 for the first time .
Kasparov won the match 9 – 3 .
In November 2012 , he won the Cap d'Agde rapid tournament which bears his name ( Anatoly Karpov Trophy ) by beating Vassily Ivanchuk ( ranked 9th in the October 2012 FIDE world rankings ) in the final .
As an example , 8:5 , 16:10 and 1.6:1 are the same aspect ratio .
See also References
It ran from Neuilly Bridge to the Bois de Boulogne .
By the time they reached Brest the winning cyclist Charles Terront was already back in Paris .
Paris – Rouen : the world 's first motoring contestOn July 23 , 1894 , the Parisian magazine Le Petit Journal organized what is considered to be the world 's first motoring competition from Paris to Rouen .
The first American automobile race is generally held to be the Thanksgiving Day Chicago Times-Herald race of November 28 , 1895 .
Five cars took part in the race , which was won by the Italian Prince Scipione Borghese in a 7,433 cc ( 453.6 cu in ) 35/45 hp model Itala .
It was built in the late 1800s at the Marion County Fairgrounds in Iowa .
The race was not good because of the wind .
Extensive use of aluminum alloys was required to achieve light weight , and in the case of the Mercedes , the paint was removed to satisfy the weight limitation , producing the famous Silver Arrows .
This coincided with a decline of popularity in American Championship Car Racing .
The IMSA GT Series evolved into the American Le Mans Series ; which ran its first season in 1999 , the European races eventually became the closely related Le Mans Series , both of which mix prototypes and GTs .
The SCCA World Challenge consists of a one hour race for each round , combining three classes : GT ( Chevrolet Corvette , Aston Martin DB9 , etc. ) , " GTS " ( Acura TSX , BMW 3-series , etc. ; replaced the former touring car class ) , and Touring Car ( a " showroom stock " class similar to Grand Am 's Continental Challenge ) .
In Europe and Asia , open wheeled racing is commonly referred to as " Formula " , with appropriate hierarchical suffixes .
Formula Ford once represented a popular first open-wheel category for up-and-coming drivers stepping up from karts and now the Formula BMW series is the preferred option as it has introduced an aero package and slicks , allowing the junior drivers to gain experience in a race car with dynamics closer F1 .
In December 2005 the FIA gave approval to Superleague Formula racing which debuted in 2008 whereby the racing teams are owned and run by prominent sports clubs such as AC Milan and Liverpool F.C. .
After 25 years away from the sport , former Formula 2 champion , Jonathan Palmer , reopened the F2 category again , most drivers have graduated from the Formula Palmer Audi series .
There are numerous notable one-make formulae from various countries and regions , some of which – such as the Porsche Supercup and , previously , IROC – have fostered many distinct national championships .
There are also single-chassis single seater formulae , such as Formula Renault and Formula BMW , usually as " feeder " series for " senior " race formula ( in the fashion of farm team s ) .
A number of Modified cars display a " manufacturers " logo and " vehicle name " , yet use components produced by another automobile manufacturer .
In the UK , British Stock car racing is also referred to as " Short Circuit Racing " .
The competition concept is drawn directly from the best features of the Mille Miglia , the Coupe des Alpes and the Tour de Corse .
Vehicles range from the everyday car to the purpose-built dragster .
This causes gate prices to rise and tracks to lose interest in holding such events .
In Europe , " offroad " refers to events such as autocross or rallycross , while desert races and rally-raids such as the Paris-Dakar , Master Rallye or European " bajas " are called " cross-country rallies . "
Despite their diminutive size , karting 's most powerful class , superkart , can have a power-to-weight ratio of 440 hp/tonne .
Notably some of the most famous events of them all are the Goodwood Festival of Speed and Goodwood Revival in Britain and Monterey Historic in the United States .
While there are several professional teams and drivers in historical racing , this branch of auto sport tends to be contested by wealthy car owners and is thus more amateur and less competitive in its approach .
( See also Deaths in motorsports ) Racing-car setup In auto racing , the racing setup or car setup is the set of adjustments made to the vehicle to optimize its behaviour ( performance , handling , reliability , etc. ) .
During countless physiological ( and psychological ) evaluations of professional racing drivers , the two characteristics that stand out are racers ' near-obsessive need to control their surroundings ( the psychological aspect ) , and an unusual ability to process fast-moving information ( physiological ) .
Formula 1 drivers routinely experience g-loadings in excess of 4.5 g. In addition the races can last several hours , with heartrates commonly above 140 bpm , and so drivers need to be supremely fit .
For more normal cars , fitness is not nearly as much an issue .
For them , what is important is that it is acquired and transferred without help or hindrance from the compulsory state .
Considerable tension exists between these anarchists and anarcho-capitalists .
Anarchist theorist Murray Rothbard argued that all government services , including defense , are inefficient because they lack a market-based pricing mechanism regulated by the voluntary decisions of consumer s purchasing services that fulfill their highest-priority needs and by investors seeking the most profitable enterprises to invest in .
Property Private propertyCentral to anarcho-capitalism are the concepts of self-ownership and original appropriation : This is the root of anarcho-capitalist property rights , and where they differ from collectivist forms of anarchism such as anarcho-communism where the means of production are controlled by the whole community and the product of labor is collectivized in a pool of goods and distributed " according to need . "
Original appropriation allows an individual to claim any never-before used resources , including land , and by improving or otherwise using it , own it with the same " absolute right " as his own body .
He says , " What we libertarians object to , then , is not government per se but crime , what we object to is unjust or criminal property titles ; what we are for is not " private " property per se but just , innocent , non-criminal private property . "
Much is of dubious title .
Anarcho-capitalists tend to concur with free-market environmentalists regarding the environmentally destructive tendencies of the state and other communal arrangements .
Law and order and the use of violence Different anarcho-capitalists propose different forms of anarcho-capitalism , and one area of disagreement is in the area of law .
One difficult application of defensive aggression is the act of revolutionary violence ( including anarcho-capitalist revolution ) against tyrannical regimes .
In particular they argue that certain capitalist transactions are not voluntary , and that maintaining the class structure of a capitalist society requires coercion , which is incompatible with an anarchist society .
and answers it by pointing out that " no one can , and no one does .
These two contradictory concepts are what I would call ' free-market capitalism ' on the one hand , and ' state capitalism ' on the other . " "
According to this argument , the free market is simply the natural situation that would result from people being free from authority , and entails the establishment of all voluntary associations in society : cooperatives , non-profit organizations ( which would , just as today , be funded by individuals for their existence ) , businesses , etc. ( in short , a free market does not equal the end of civil society , which continues to be a critique of anarcho-capitalism ) .
This body would thus inherently have political power and would be nothing short of a state .
Eugen von Böhm-Bawerk , a colleague of Menger , wrote one of the first critiques of socialism ever written in his treatise The Exploitation Theory of Socialism-Communism .
Some individualists came to realize that the liberal state itself takes property forcefully through taxation in order to fund its protection services , and therefore it seemed logically inconsistent to oppose theft while also supporting a tax-funded protector .
These were minarchist , antiwar , anti-imperialist , and ( later ) anti- New Deal ers .
Anarcho-capitalists also oppose governmental restrictions on banking .
While not directly labeling it anarcho-capitalist , he argues that the Icelandic Commonwealth between 930 and 1262 had " some features " of an anarcho-capitalist society – while there was a single legal system , enforcement of law was entirely private and highly capitalist ; and so provides some evidence of how such a society would function . "
People on the frontier invented institutions that fit the resource constraints they faced . "
Anarcho-capitalist literature Nonfiction The following is a partial list of notable nonfiction works discussing anarcho-capitalism .
The second novel of the series The Stone Canal deals specifically with an anarcho-capitalist society and explores issues of self-ownership , privatization of police and courts of law , and the consequences of a contractual society .

Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
[[1028]]
However , these facts relate almost entirely to his career as a dramatist and the plays contain few clear and unambiguous clues about his personal beliefs or his private life .
He was a comic poet in an age when it was conventional for a poet to assume the role of ' teacher ' ( didaskalos ) , and though this specifically referred to his training of the Chorus in rehearsal , it also covered his relationship with the audience as a commentator on significant issues .
It was usual for foreign dignitaries to attend the City Dionysia , and The Babylonians caused some embarrassment for the Athenian authorities since it depicted the cities of the Athenian League as slaves grinding at a mill .
Plato 's The Symposium appears to be a useful source of biographical information about Aristophanes , but its reliability is open to doubt .
These include not only rival comic dramatists such as Eupolis and Hermippus and predecessors such as Magnes , Crates and Cratinus , but also tragedians , notably Aeschylus , Sophocles and Euripides , all three of whom are mentioned in e.g. .
In The Frogs , Aeschylus is said to compose verses in the manner of a horse rolling in a sandpit .
The first , official comedy at the City Dionysia was not staged until 487/6 BC , by which time tragedy had already been long established there .
Developments were quite rapid and Aristotle was able to distinguish between ' old ' and ' new ' comedy by 330 BC .
Dramatic structure contributes to the complexity of Aristophanes ' plays .
However it is associated with poetic rhythms and meters that have little relevance to English translations and it is therefore treated in a separate section .
In The Acharnians and Peace , for example , there is no formal agon whereas in The Clouds there are two agons .
Schweitzer saw many operas of Richard Wagner at Straßburg ( under Otto Lohse ) , and in 1896 he pulled together the funds to visit Bayreuth to see Wagner 's Der Ring des Nibelungen and Parsifal , and was deeply affected .
Built especially for the tropics , it was delivered by river in a huge dug-out canoe to Lambaréné , packed in a zinc-lined case .
In the following year he became provisional Principal of the Theological College of Saint Thomas ( from which he had just graduated ) , and in 1903 his appointment was made permanent .
He showed that the image of Jesus had changed with the times and outlooks of the various authors , and gave his own synopsis and interpretation of the previous century 's findings .
Aftermath The publication of The Quest of the Historical Jesus , effectively put a stop for decades to work on the Historical Jesus as a sub-discipline of New Testament studies .
In the first nine months he and his wife had about 2,000 patients to examine , some travelling many days and hundreds of kilometers to reach him .
The journalist James Cameron visited Lambaréné in 1953 ( when Schweitzer was 78 ) and found significant flaws in the practices and attitudes of Schweitzer and his staff .
By comparison , his contemporary Sir Albert Cook in Uganda had been training nurses and midwives since the 1910s and had published a manual of midwifery in the local language of Luganda .
He thought that Western civilization was decaying because it had abandoned affirmation of life as its ethical foundation .
In nature one form of life must always prey upon another .
Respect for life , overcoming coarser impulses and hollow doctrines , leads the individual to live in the service of other people and of every living creature .
In contemplation of the will-to-life , respect for the life of others becomes the highest principle and the defining purpose of humanity .
In 1923 the family moved to Königsfeld im Schwarzwald , Baden-Württemberg , where he was building a house for the family .
This house is now maintained as a Schweitzer museum .
His " The Problem of Peace " lecture is considered one of the best speeches ever given .
Schweitzer was a vegetarian .
He had originally conducted trials for recordings for HMV on the organ of the old Queen 's Hall in London .
Economist Paul A. Samuelson has written that most economists assert that conclusions reached by pure logical deduction are limited and weak .
In 1944 , Austrian economist Oskar Morgenstern presented a rigorous schematization of an ordinal utility function ( the Von Neumann – Morgenstern utility theorem ) in Theory of Games and Economic Behavior .
Theories Opportunity cost The opportunity cost doctrine was first explicitly formulated by the Austrian economist Friedrich von Wieser in the late 19th century .
He argued that capitalists do not exploit workers ; they accommodate workers by providing them with income well in advance of the revenue from the output they helped to produce .
Böhm-Bawerk also argued that the law of marginal utility necessarily implies the classical law of costs .
Inflation Mises believed that money prices and wages will inevitably rise when the quantity of money and bank credit is increased .
Without the information efficiently and effectively provided by market prices , socialism lacks a method to efficiently allocate resources over an extended period of time in any market where the price mechanism is effective ( an example where the price mechanism may not work is in the relatively confined area of public and common goods ) .
Those who agree with this criticism argue it is a refutation of socialism and that it shows that a socialist planned economy could never work in the long term for the vast bulk of the economy and has very limited potential application .
The debate raged in the 1920s and 1930s , and that specific period of the debate has come to be known by historians of economic thought as The Socialist Calculation Debate .
Assertions According to the theory , a boom-bust cycle of malinvestment is generated by excessive and unsustainable credit expansion to businesses and individual borrowers by bank s. This credit creation makes it appear as if the supply of " saved funds " ready for investment has increased : the supply of funds for investment purposes increases , and the interest rate declines .
In other words , depositors will tend to remove cash from the banking system and spend it ( not save it ) , banks will then ask their borrowers for payment and interest rates and credit conditions will deteriorate .
While he is perhaps best recognized for his book Economics in One Lesson ( 1946 ) , which sold over a million copies , he is also known for The Failure of the " New Economics " ( 1959 ) , a line-by-line critique of John Maynard Keynes 's General Theory .
These include Carl Menger 's theories on marginal utility , Friedrich von Wieser 's theories on opportunity cost , and Eugen von Böhm-Bawerk 's theories on time preference , as well as Menger and Böhm-Bawerk 's criticisms of Marxian economics .
Republican U.S. congressman Ron Paul states that he adheres to Austrian School economics and has authored six books which refer to the subject .
The result is that conclusions about utility preferences hold no matter what values are assigned to them .
While praising Kirzner for highlighting shortcomings in traditional methodology , Klein argued that Kirzner did not provide a viable alternative for economic methodology .
Milton Friedman objected to the policy implications of the theory , stating the following in a 1998 interview : I think the Austrian business-cycle theory has done the world a great deal of harm .
Principal works See also References and notes Further reading External links


It is a defensive reaction of the tissue to prevent the spread of infectious materials to other parts of the body .
An abscess could potentially be fatal ( although this is rare ) if it compresses vital structures such as the trachea in the context of a deep neck abscess .
Recurrent infections Recurrent abscesses are often caused by community-acquired MRSA .
After this the body will usually repair the old infected cavity .
This often presents itself as a lump of tissue near the anus which grows larger and more painful with time .

While the amount of winter snowfall varied greatly , the Ancient Pueblo depended on the snow for most of their water .
Where sandstone layers overlay shale , snow melt could accumulate and create seeps and springs , which the Ancient Pueblo used as water sources .
The best-preserved examples of the stone and adobe dwellings are in National Parks ( USA ) , such as Chaco Canyon or Chaco Culture National Historical Park , Mesa Verde National Park , Aztec Ruins National Monument , Bandelier National Monument , Hovenweep National Monument , and Canyon de Chelly National Monument .
These villages , called pueblos by Spanish settlers , were often only accessible by rope or through rock climbing .
Ancestral Puebloans are also known for their pottery .
Late 14th and 15th century pottery from central Arizona , widely traded in the region , has colors and designs which may derive from earlier ware by both Ancestral Pueblo and Mogollon peoples .
They were well-planned : vast sections or wings erected were finished in a single stage , rather than in increments .
Though simple and compound walls were often used , Great Houses were primarily constructed of core-and-veneer walls : two parallel load-bearing walls comprising dressed , flat sandstone blocks bound in clay mortar were erected .
These roads converge at Pueblo Alto and from there lead north beyond the Canyon limits .
Archaeologists suggested that the road 's main purpose was to transport local and exotic goods inside and outside the canyon .
Over several decades , the Ancient Pueblo culture spread across the landscape .
However , they were generally occupied for a mere 30 years or less .
At the same time , nearby areas experiencing significantly drier patterns were abandoned .
Communities grew larger and were inhabited for longer periods of time .
Highly specific local traditions in architecture and pottery emerged , and trade over long distances appears to have been common .
Chacoan and other structures constructed originally along astronomical alignments , and thought to have served important ceremonial purposes to the culture , were systematically dismantled .
This evidence suggests that the religious structures were deliberately abandoned slowly over time .
The contemporary historian James W. Loewen agrees with the oral traditions in his book , Lies Across America : What Our Historic Markers and Monuments Get Wrong ( 1999 ) , but there is not a consensus within the professional academic community .
Anasazi as a cultural label The term " Anasazi " was established in archaeological terminology through the Pecos Classification system in 1927 .
Archaeologist Linda Cordell discussed the word 's etymology and use : Many contemporary Pueblo peoples object to the use of the term Anasazi , although there is still controversy among them on a native alternative .
The area is typical for the north of Jutland .
Aarhus is the seat of the council of Aarhus municipality with 319,094 inhabitants and 256,018 ( 1 January 2013 ) in the inner urban area .
Furthermore , certain geographically affiliated names have been updated to reflect the name of the city .
When a local authority decides so , most newspapers and state institutions will re-adopt the pre-1948 Aa spelling and the Å spelling will in practice become second-place .
Industrialisation meant that proximity to trade routes became more important , giving the harbour city some advantages over other nearby cities as new industries came into existence .
In the houses and the adjoining archaeological layers , combs , jewelry and basic multi-purpose tools have been found that indicate the settlement is from approximately year 900 .
Administrative divisions Aarhus is divided into several districts and suburbs with its own postal code ( Postdistrikter ) .
This is often attributed to the high concentration of educational institutions and facilities in the area .
As of January 1 , 2012 Aarhus University was the largest university in Denmark if measured by the amount of students enlisted .
The university has approximately 41,500 Bachelor and Master students enlisted and further about 1,500 Ph.D. students .
Aarhus is served by commuter rail that connects the city itself with neighbouring towns .
Sister cities Aarhus has seven sister cities .
The sister cities are : Apart from the sister cities Aarhus have a close relation with Novi Sad in Serbia .
The northern cavefish or northern blindfish , Amblyopsis spelaea , is found in caves through Kentucky and southern Indiana .
Amateurism can be seen in both a negative and positive light .
The stigmatization of amateurs as fools for contributing to society simply for the love of it can be explained by the amateur ’s non-conformity to the ideological structure of consumption ( Goffman , 1963 ; Stebbins , 1992 ) .
From here , it can be argued that , to the extent amateurs threaten the professional industry by providing free services , the professional industry has an interest in making its counterpart amateur activity shameful .
Like many intellectuals before World War II he promoted eugenics .
He summoned Presse to administer the Catholic Sacraments on his death bed in November 1944 .
He maintained the living culture for over 20 years with regular supplies of nutrient .
Carrel 's experiment was never successfully replicated , and in the 1960s Leonard Hayflick and Paul Moorhead proposed that differentiated cells can only undergo a limited number of divisions before dying .
Man , The Unknown ( 1935 ) In 1935 , Carrel published a book titled L'Homme , cet inconnu ( Man , The Unknown ) , which became a best-seller .
A similar treatment could be advantageously applied to the insane , guilty of criminal acts .
According to Gwen Terrenoire , writing in Eugenics in France ( 1913-1941 ) : a review of research findings , " The foundation was a pluridisciplinary centre that employed around 300 researchers ( mainly statisticians , psychologists , physicians ) from the summer of 1942 to the end of the autumn of 1944 .
See also Sources References External links
The Eastern Orthodox Church observes several All Souls ' Days during the year .
This Sunday marks the close of the Paschal season .
To the normal Sunday services are added special scriptural readings and hymns to all the saints ( known and unknown ) from the Pentecostarion .
At bedtime , the supper is left on the table for the souls .
[[1057]]
In 1875 , he sat on the committee which was in charge of the third Parnasse Contemporain compilation .
He signed Emile Zola 's manifesto supporting Alfred Dreyfus , a Jewish army officer who had been falsely convicted of espionage .
France wrote about the affair in his 1901 novel Monsieur Bergeret .
An admirer , the English writer George Orwell , defended him however and declared that he remained very readable , and that " it is unquestionable that he was attacked partly from political motives .
The clerics and reactionaries hated him in just the same way as they hated Zola .
[ France ] had lost no opportunity of poking fun at the Church .


Gide 's career ranged from its beginnings in the symbolist movement , to the advent of anticolonialism between the two World Wars .
His political activity is informed by the same ethos , as suggested by his repudiation of communism after his 1936 voyage to the USSR .
Early life Gide was born in Paris on 22 November 1869 , into a middle-class Protestant family .
Gide was brought up in isolated conditions in Normandy and became a prolific writer at an early age , publishing his first novel , The Notebooks of Andre Walter ( French : Les Cahiers d'André Walter ) , in 1891 .
This would cause the only crisis in the long-standing relationship between Allégret and Gide and damaged the relation with Van Rysselberghe .
Later he used the background of his unconsummated marriage in his novel Et Nunc Manet in Te .
In this published journal , he criticized the behavior of French business interests in the Congo and inspired reform .
The book had important influence on anti-colonialism movements in France and helped re-evaluate the impact of colonialism .
Techniques such as compensated summation can be used to combat this error to a degree .
This methodology could be used for parallel computation of statistical moments with subsequent combination of those moments , or for combination of statistical moments computed at sequential times .
Even greater accuracy can be achieved by first computing the means , then using the stable one-pass algorithm on the residuals .
Shelling almonds refers to removing the shell to reveal the seed .
The young twig s are green at first , becoming purplish where exposed to sunlight , then grey in their second year .
Almonds begin bearing an economic crop in the third year after planting .
jpg | Green almonds Image : Mandel Gr 99 .
The outer covering or exocarp , fleshy in other members of Prunus such as the plum and cherry , is instead a thick leathery grey-green coat ( with a downy exterior ) , called the hull .
The wild form of domesticated almond grows in parts of the Levant ; almonds must first have been taken into cultivation in this region .
The fruit of the wild forms contains the glycoside amygdalin , " which becomes transformed into deadly prussic acid ( hydrogen cyanide ) after crushing , chewing , or any other injury to the seed . "
Ladizinsky suggests the taxon Amygdalus fenzliana ( Fritsch ) Lipsky is the most likely wild ancestor of the almond in part because it is native of Armenia and western Azerbaijan where it was apparently domesticated .
To alleviate almond growers from the rising cost of insect pollination , researchers at the Agricultural Research Service ( ARS ) have developed a new line of self-pollinating almond trees .
dulcis are predominately sweet , but some individual trees produce seeds that are somewhat more bitter .
The bitter almond is slightly broader and shorter than the sweet almond , and contains about 50 % of the fixed oil that occurs in sweet almonds .
Almonds contain polyphenols in their skins consisting in a combination of flavonol s , flavan-3-ol s , hydroxybenzoic acid s and flavanone s analogous to those of certain fruits and vegetables .
Symptoms range from local symptoms ( e.g. , oral allergy syndrome , contact urticaria ) to systemic symptoms including anaphylaxis ( e.g. , urticaria , angioedema , gastrointestinal and respiratory symptoms ) .
Oils Almonds are a rich source of oil , with values ranging between 36 to 60 % of kernel dry mass .
Raw , untreated California almonds have n't been available in the U.S. since then .
The treatment also is n't required for raw almonds sold for export outside of North America .
According to the Cornucopia Institute , this almond marketing order has imposed significant financial burdens on small-scale and organic growers and damaged domestic almond markets .
The tree originated in the Middle East , and is mentioned numerous times in the Bible .
Similarly , Christian symbolism often uses almond branches as a symbol of the Virgin Birth of Jesus ; paintings often include almonds encircling the baby Jesus and as a symbol of Mary .

[[1069]]
Population Age structure Median age Population growth rate Birth rate Death rate Net migration rate Urbanization Sex ratio Infant mortality rate Life expectancy at birth Total fertility rate HIV/AIDS Nationality Ethnic groups Religions Languages Literacy Education expenditure References
The politics of Antigua and Barbuda takes place in a framework of a federal parliamentary representative democratic monarchy , wherein the Sovereign of Antigua and Barbuda is the head of state , appointing a Governor-General to act as vice-regal representative in the nation .
The Judiciary is independent of the executive and the legislature .
Telephone Telephones – main lines in use : 37,500 ( 2006 ) Telephones – mobile cellular : 110,200 ( 2006 ) ( APUA PCS , Cable & Wireless , Digicel ) Telephone system : domestic : good automatic telephone system international : 3 fiber optic submarine cables ( 2 to St. Kitts and 1 to Guadeloupe ) ; satellite earth station – 1 Intelsat ( Atlantic Ocean ) Radio Radio broadcast stations : AM 4 , FM 6 , shortwave 0 ( 2002 ) Radios : 36,000 ( 1997 ) Television Television broadcast stations : 2 ( 1997 ) Televisions : 31,000 ( 1997 ) Internet Internet Service Providers ( ISPs ) : Cable & Wireless , Antigua Computer Technologies ( ACT ) , Antigua Public Utilities Authority ( APUA INET ) Internet hosts : 2,215 ( 2008 ) Internet users : 60,000 ( 2007 ) Country codes : AG See also References
Notable instances of persecution include the pogroms which preceded the First Crusade in 1096 , the expulsion from England in 1290 , the massacres of Spanish Jews in 1391 , the persecutions of the Spanish Inquisition , the expulsion from Spain in 1492 , Cossack massacres in Ukraine , various pogroms in Russia , the Dreyfus affair , the Holocaust , official Soviet anti-Jewish policies and the Jewish exodus from Arab and Muslim countries .
Etymology and usage Usage Despite the use of the prefix anti- , the terms Semitic and anti-Semitic are not directly opposed to each other .
Both terms anti-Semitism and antisemitism are in common use .
Etymology Although Wilhelm Marr is generally credited with coining the word anti-Semitism ( see below ) , Alex Bein writes that the word was first used in 1860 by the Austrian Jewish scholar Moritz Steinschneider in the phrase " anti-Semitic prejudices " .
Although he did not use the word " Antisemitismus " in the pamphlet , the coining of the latter word followed naturally from the word " Semitismus " and indicated either opposition to the Jews as a people , or else opposition to Jewishness or the Jewish spirit , which he saw as infiltrating German culture .
The pamphlet became very popular , and in the same year he founded the " League of Antisemites " ( " Antisemiten-Liga " ) , the first German organization committed specifically to combatting the alleged threat to Germany and German culture posed by the Jews and their influence , and advocating their forced removal from the country .
( 3 ) Jews bring disaster on their ' host societies ' or on the whole world , they are doing it secretly , therefore the antisemites feel obliged to unmask the conspiratorial , bad Jewish character . "
Similarly , Eric Kandel characterizes cultural antisemitism as being based on the idea of “ Jewishness ” as a " religious or cultural tradition that is acquired through learning , through distinctive traditions and education . "
Niewyk and Nicosia characterize cultural antisemitism as focusing on and condemning " the Jews ' aloofness from the societies in which they live . "
Although the origins of antisemitism are rooted in the Judeo-Christian conflict , religious antisemitism , other forms of antisemitism have developed in modern times .
During the nineteenth century , Jews were described as " scurrilous , stupid , and tight-fisted " , but after the Jewish Emancipation and the rise of Jews to the middle - or upper-class in Europe were portrayed as " clever , devious , and manipulative financiers out to dominate [ world finances ] " .
The dividing line was the possibility of effective conversion . . . a Jew ceased to be a Jew upon baptism . "
However , with racial antisemitism , " Now the assimilated Jew was still a Jew , even after baptism ... .
According to Viktor Karády , political antisemitism became widespread after the legal emancipation of the Jews and sought to reverse some of the consequences of that emancipation .
Jewish scholar Gustavo Perednik has posited that anti-Zionism in itself represents a form of discrimination against Jews , in that it singles out Jewish national aspirations as an illegitimate and racist endeavor , and " proposes actions that would result in the death of millions of Jews " .
Examples may also be found in anti-Jewish riots in Alexandria in the 3rd century BCE .
Under Islamic rule , there was a Golden age of Jewish culture in Spain that lasted until at least the 11th century , when several Muslim pogrom s against Jews took place on the Iberian Peninsula ; including those that occurred in Córdoba in 1011 and in Granada in 1066 .
The Crusades were followed by expulsions , including , in 1290 , the banishing of all English Jews ; in 1396 , the expulsion of 100,000 Jews in France ; and in 1421 , the expulsion of thousands from Austria .
In medieval and Renaissance Europe , a major contributor to the deepening of antisemitic sentiment and legal action among the Christian populations was the popular preaching of the zealous reform religious orders , the Franciscans ( especially Bernardino of Feltre ) and Dominicans ( especially Vincent Ferrer ) , who combed Europe and promoted antisemitism through their often fiery , emotional appeals .
Rumors spread that they caused the disease by deliberately poisoning wells .
Peter Stuyvesant , the Dutch governor of New Amsterdam , implemented plans to prevent Jews from settling in the city .
It was not until the Revolutionary War that Jews gained legal rights , including the right to vote .
The Dreyfus Affair was an infamous antisemitic event of the late 19th century and early 20th century .
This increase , combined with the upward social mobility of some Jews , contributed to a resurgence of antisemitism .
Antisemitism in America reached its peak during the interwar period .
After the war , the Kielce pogrom and " March 1968 events " in communist Poland represented further incidents of antisemitism in Europe .
Other views indicating antisemitism , according to the survey , include the view that Jews are more loyal to Israel than America , and that they are responsible for the death of Jesus of Nazareth .
In February 2012 , opposition candidate for the 2012 Venezuelan presidential election Henrique Capriles was subject to what foreign journalists characterized as vicious attacks by state-run media sources .
Europe According to a 2004 report from the Jerusalem Center for Public Affairs , antisemitism had increased significantly in Europe since 2000 , with significant increases in verbal attacks against Jews and vandalism such as graffiti , fire bombings of Jewish schools , desecration of synagogues and cemeteries .
However , compared to France , the United Kingdom and much of the rest of Europe , in Germany Arab and pro-Palestinian groups are involved in only a small percentage of antisemitic incidents .
We 've had synagogues desecrated .
EJC President Moshe Kantor explained , " We call on authorities to take a more proactive approach so there would be no reason for statements of regret and denunciation .
All these smaller attacks remind me of smaller tremors before a massive earthquake .
The Jewish community can not afford to be subject to an earthquake and the authorities can not say that the writing was not on the wall . "
United Kingdom In 2005 , a group of British Members of Parliament set up an inquiry into antisemitism , which published its findings in 2006 .
It found a reversal of this progress since 2000 .
One Jew ish father also stated that his child had been taken by a Muslim mob after school ( though the child managed to escape ) , reportedly " to be taken out to the forest and hung because he was a Jew " .
Former Prime Minister Göran Persson described these results as " surprising and terrifying " .
Charles Small , director of the Yale Initiative for the Interdisciplinary Study of Antisemitism , stated that " Sweden is a microcosm of contemporary anti-Semitism .
It 's a form of acquiescence to radical Islam , which is diametrically opposed to everything Sweden stands for . "
Per Gudmundson , chief editorial writer for Svenska Dagbladet , has sharply criticized politicians who offer " weak excuses " for Muslims accused of anti-Semitic crimes . "
In a 2011 survey by the Pew Research Center , all of the Muslim-majority Middle Eastern countries polled held strongly negative views of Jews .
Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of Iran has frequently denied the Holocaust .
The Saudi embassy in the U.S. distanced itself from the statement , which was later removed .

The national currency , the Azerbaijani manat , was stable in 2000 , depreciating 3.8 % against the dollar .
In August 2000 , the government launched a second-stage privatization program , in which many large state enterprises will be privatized .
Proven oil reserves in the Caspian Basin , which Azerbaijan shares with Russia , Kazakhstan , Iran , and Turkmenistan , are comparable in size to the North Sea , although exploration is still in the early stages .
Azerbaijan shares all the problems of the former Soviet republics in making the transition from a command to a market economy , but its energy resources brighten its long-term prospects .
Long-term prospects will depend on world oil prices and the location of new pipelines in the region .
Diversification of the economy into manufacturing industries remain a long-term issue .
One of banks was founded with participation of state capital , 23 of foreign capital .
Dynamic development of volume of special and involved funds of the banks has created effective conditions for enlargement of active operations .
Azerbaijan is situated in the Caucasus region of Eurasia .
Located in the region of the southern Caucasus Mountains , Azerbaijan borders the Caspian Sea to the east , Georgia and Russia to the north , Iran to the south , and Armenia to the southwest and west .
Topography and drainage The elevation changes over a relatively short distance from lowlands to highlands ; nearly half the country is considered mountainous .
Notable physical features are the gently undulating hills of the subtropical southeastern coast , which are covered with tea plantations , orange groves , and lemon groves ; numerous mud volcanoes and mineral springs in the ravines of Kobustan Mountain near Baku ; and coastal terrain that lies as much as twenty-eight meters below sea level .
The Mtkvari , the longest river in the Caucasus region , forms the delta and drains into the Caspian a short distance downstream from the confluence with the Aras .
The Mingechaur Reservoir , with an area of 605 square kilometers that makes it the largest body of water in Azerbaijan , was formed by damming the Kura in western Azerbaijan .
The waters of the reservoir provide hydroelectric power and irrigation of the Kura-Aras plain .
The Talish Mountains form part of the border with Iran at the southeast tip of the country .
The greatest precipitation falls in the highest elevations of the Caucasus but also in the Länkäran Lowlands of the extreme southeast .
Excessive application of pesticides and chemical fertilizers has caused extensive groundwater pollution and has been linked by Azerbaijani scientists to birth defects and illnesses .


Soon , violence broke out against ethnic Azeris in Armenia and ethnic Armenians in Azerbaijan .
U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell launched the talks on 3 April 2001 , and the negotiations continued with mediation by the U.S. , Russia , and France until 6 April 2001 .
The Co-Chairs are continuing to work with the two Presidents in the hope of finding a lasting peace .
After the Soviet Union dissolved in 1991-92 the armed forces were reformed based on Soviet bases and equipment left on Azeri soil .
The total armed forces number 56,840 men in the land forces , 7,900 men in the air force and air defence force , and 2,200 men in the navy .
Azerbaijan joined the U.S.-led coalition against Iraq in 2003 .
Azerbaijan also hosted the 49th Arsenal of the Soviet Main Agency of Missiles and Artillery , which contained over 7,000 train-car loads of ammunition to the excess of one billion units .
In summer 1992 , the nascent Defense Ministry received a resolution by the Azerbaijani president on the takeover of units and formations in Azerbaijani territory .
Thus , by the end of 1992 , Azerbaijan received arms and military hardware sufficient for approximately four motor rifle divisions with prescribed army units .
Non-combat deaths A number of Azerbaijani human rights groups have been tracking non-combat deaths and have noted an upward trend .
Based on Defense Ministry statistics that had not been released to the public , the Group of Monitoring Compliance with Human Rights in the Army ( GMCHRA ) has recorded the deaths of 76 soldiers to date in non-combat incidents for 2011 , and the injury of 91 others .
Organization The Land Forces consist of five army corps : The Land Forces include 23 motor rifle brigades , an artillery brigade , a multiple rocket launcher brigade , and an anti-tank regiment .
The IISS Military Balance reported in 2007 that the Land Forces had an estimated 40 SA-13 Gopher , SA-4 Ganef , and SA-8 Gecko air defence missile systems , with ' 80-240 eff . '
( IISS 2007 , p. 157 ) The Peacekeeping forces of Azerbaijan are mostly supplied from the Land Forces , though the Internal Troops of Azerbaijan do also supply some .
There are also four other airbases which do not appear to have aircraft based there .
The Air Force has L-29 and L-39 advanced training aircraft in store .
These may be around Baku and the central part to cover the whole Azeri aerospace .
Defense industry The Ministry of Defence Industry of Azerbaijan directs domestic military supplies for Azerbaijan .
It was established in 2005 .
Oklahoma National Guard troops have been sent on training and humanitarian missions to Baku .
There is no further information as to whether any agreement has been made .
There is also a limited amount of military cooperation with the other countries of GUAM : Georgia , Ukraine , Azerbaijan , and Moldova .
See also References Further reading External links
The land rises to 4,095 m above sea-level at Mount Aragats .
It has established a Ministry of Nature Protection and introduced taxes for air and water pollution and solid waste disposal , whose revenues are used for environmental protection activities .
Topography and drainage Twenty-five million years ago , a geological upheaval pushed up the Earth 's crust to form the Armenian Plateau , creating the complex topography of modern Armenia .
The lowest points are in the valleys of the Araks River and the Debet River in the far north , which have elevations of , respectively .
Elevations in the Lesser Caucasus vary between .
The largest of these , Mount Aragats , high , is also the highest point in Armenia .
Despite the harshness of winter in most parts , the fertility of the plateau 's volcanic soil made Armenia one of the world 's earliest sites of agricultural activity .
The Ministry of the Environment reported that the lake 's water level had dropped by fifty centimeters in 1993 .
Up-to-date environmental safety technology and adherence to international standards were promised at Nairit when the decision to resume production was announced .
[[1092]]
Armenia is the only republic of the former Soviet Union that has a nearly-homogeneous population .
The country formally adopted the Christian faith in 301 A.D. Over 90 % of Armenians belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church , a form of Oriental ( Non-Chalcedonianism ) Orthodoxy , which is a very ritualistic , conservative church , roughly comparable to the Coptic and Syrian churches .
94 % of adult Armenians considers that it 's important their children learn Russian .
[[1093]]
The unicameral parliament ( also called the National Assembly ) is dominated by a coalition , called " Unity " ( Miasnutyun ) , between the Republican and Peoples Parties and the Agro-Technical Peoples Union , aided by numerous independents .
The government does not restrict internal or international travel .
In addition to the Yerevan administrative region , Armenia is split into ten administrative divisions , known as marzer ( singular : marz ) ; these are Ararat , Aragatsotn , Armavir , Gegharkunik , Kotayk , Lori , Shirak , Syunik , Tavush , and Vayots Dzor .

New sectors , such as precious stone processing and jewelry making and communication technology [ primarily Armentel ( left from the USSR era ) , which is not even owned by the government or Armenian investors ] .
Armenia 's unemployment rate , however , remains high , despite strong economic growth .
Regional conflict retards economic growth .
Monopolies According to one analyst , Armenia 's economic system is anticompetitive due to the structure of the economy being a type of " monopoly or oligopoly " . "
In early 2008 , the State Commission for the Protection of Economic Competition named 60 companies having " dominant positions " in Armenia .
GDP growth is expected to be around 3 percent in 2011 , with inflation returning to 4-5 percent .
Cash remittances Cash remittances sent back home from Armenians working abroad — mostly in Russia and the United States — are growing and contribute significantly to Armenia 's Gross Domestic Product ( between 15 to 30 percent ) .
According to the Central Bank of Armenia , during the first half of 2008 , cash remittances sent back to Armenia by Armenians working abroad rose by 57.5 percent and totaled $ 668.6 million USD , equivalent to 15 percent of the country 's first-half Gross Domestic Product .
Services sector In the 2000s , along with the construction sector , the services sector was the driving force behind Armenia 's recent high economic growth rate .
Industrial sector Industrial output was relatively positive throughout 2010 , with year-on-year average growth of 10.9 percent in the period January to September 2010 , due largely to the mining sector where higher global demand for commodities led to higher prices .
The Compact also includes a $ 146 million project to increase the productivity of approximately 250,000 farm households through improved water supply , higher yields , higher-value crops , and a more competitive agricultural sector .
Furthermore , Armenian exports fell by about one percent to $ 520 million USD .
Germany is Armenia ’s largest trading partner among EU member states , accounting for 7.2 percent of trade ; this is due largely to mining exports .
Russia and former Soviet republicsBilateral trade with Russia stood at more than $ 700 million for the first nine months of 2010 – on track to rebound to $ 1 billion mark first reached in 2008 prior to the global economic crisis .
According to a World Bank official , a country that has around 12 percent rate of growth or even lower , at the range of 7 to 8 percent , can afford a level of public debt of up to 50 percent .
Economists generally agree that a country is insolvent , if its foreign debt surpasses 50 percent of its GDP .
The Upper Lars border crossing ( at Darial Gorge ) between Georgia and Russia across the Caucasus Mountains served as Armenia 's sole overland route to the former Soviet Union and Europe .
Big business is not taxed in proportion to its capacity and output , and the disproportionate burden falls on small and medium size businesses .
It has established a Ministry of Environment and has introduced a pollution fee system by which taxes are levied on air and water emissions and solid waste disposal .
The resulting revenues are used for unknown purposes .
In October 2008 the Russian bank Gazprombank , the banking arm of Gazprom , acquired 100 percent of Armenian bank Areximbank after previously buying 80 percent of said bank in November 2007 and 94.15 percent in July of the same year .
Other top government officials , including Prime Minister Andranik Markarian , had little say on the issue .
: $ 18.17 billion ( 2011 ) GDP $ : $ 10.11 billion ( 2011 ) GDP - real growth rate : 4.4 % ( 2011 ) GDP ( per capita ) : $ 5,500 ( 2011 ) GDP by sector Agriculture : 19.1 % Industry : 40.5 % Services : 40.3 % Unemployment : 5.9 % ( 2011 ) Labour Force : 1.194 million ( 2011 ) Labour Force - by occupation : Population below poverty line : Inflation : 7.7 % Household income or consumption by percentage share : lowest 10 % : 3.7 % highest 10 % : 25.4 % ( 2008 ) Distribution of family income - Gini index : Investment ( gross fixed ) : Central bank discount rate : Stock of money : Production Industrial production growth rate : Industries : Diamond processing , metal-cutting machine tools , forge-pressing machines , electric motors , tires , knitted wear , hosiery , shoes , silk fabric , chemicals , trucks , instruments , microelectronics , jewellery manufacturing , software development , food processing , brandy .

[[1096]]
Armenia established a Ministry of Defense on January 28 , 1992 .
Armenia n officials have consistently expressed determination to comply with its provisions and thus Armenia has provided data on armaments as required under the CFE Treaty .
General Staff The Armenian Armed Forces are Headquartered in Yerevan , where most of the general staff is based .
Wheeled APCs reported included 25 BTR-60s , 21 BTR-70s , 50 BTR-80s , 145 MT-LBs , and 120 BRDM-2 scout vehicles .
The statement was made while the Minister was inspecting a new air-defense command point that maintains “ state-of-the-art equipment " built specifically for the operation of the S-300s .
In the first years of sovereignty when Armenia lacked a military educational establishment of its own , officers of its army were trained in Russia .
The export agreement was signed by Defense Minister Seyran Ohanian and a visiting senior Russian official , Konstantin Biryulin , during a meeting of a Russian-Armenian inter-governmental commission on bilateral military-technical cooperation .
The agreement envisages the two countries ' interaction in exporting military production to third countries , which will help to strengthen the armed forces of the two states , and further cement the already close Russian-Armenian military cooperation .
A Russian-Armenian defense agreement signed in August 2010 extends Russia ’s military presence in Armenia till 2044 and commits Russia to supplying Armenia with modern and compatible weaponry and special military hardware at reduced prices .
On 23 June 2006 , Uzbekistan became a full participant in the CSTO and its membership was formally ratified by its parliament on 28 March 2008 .
Lithuania covers all study expenditures .
Peacekeeping operations Currently Armenia is involved in peacekeeping operations in Kosovo and Afghanistan .
There are also debates within the government to send peacekeepers to Lebanon since there are a large number of Armenians living there .
Iraq After the end of the invasion of Iraq , Armenia deployed a unit of 46 peacekeepers under Polish command .
Throughout the length of the deployment , there was one Armenian wounded and no deaths .
This coincided with the withdrawal of the Polish contingent in Iraq .
In April 1991 , Azerbaijani militia and Soviet forces targeted Armenian paramilitaries operating in Karabakh .
Fighting continued , however , until May 1994 when Russia brokered a cease-fire .
These include : Albania , Afghanistan , Andorra , Australia , Austria , Belarus , Belgium , Benin , Brazil , Bulgaria , Canada , Chad , Chile , the People 's Republic of China , Côte d'Ivoire , Croatia , Cuba , Cyprus , Czech Republic , Denmark , DR Congo , Egypt , East Timor , Equatorial Guinea , Estonia , Ethiopia , Finland , France , Georgia , Germany , Greece , Grenada , Holy See ( Vatican City ) , Honduras , Iceland , India , Indonesia , Iran , Iraq , Ireland , Israel , Italy , Japan , Jordan , Kazakhstan , North Korea , South Korea , Kyrgyzstan , Latvia , Lebanon , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Libya , Macedonia , Malta , Mauritania , Mexico , Moldova , Monaco , Montenegro , Myanmar , Norway , Netherlands , Nigeria , Oman , Order of Malta , Paraguay , Poland , Portugal , Qatar , Romania , Russia , San Marino , Serbia , Seychelles , Slovakia , Slovenia , South Africa , Spain , Sudan , Sweden , Switzerland , Syria , Tajikistan , Thailand , Turkmenistan , Tuvalu , Ukraine , the United Arab Emirates , the United Kingdom , the United States of America , Uruguay and Vietnam .

[[1109]]
Its total land area is — slightly larger than Washington , D.C. — consisting of five rugged , volcanic islands and two coral atoll s. The five volcanic islands islands are : Tutuila , Aunu'u , Ofu , Olosega , Tau .
CIA World Factbook demographic statistics The following demographic statistics are from the CIA World Factbook , unless otherwise indicated .
Tongan 2.4 % other Pacific Islander 2.1 % other 2 % note : most people are bilingual ( 2000 census ) Literacy Education expenditure n/a References

Legislative power is vested in the two chambers of the legislature .
Government The government of American Samoa is defined under the Constitution of American Samoa .
The Governor of American Samoa is the head of government and along with the Lieutenant Governor of American Samoa is elected on the same ticket by popular vote for four-year terms .
[[1112]]



Avicenna had access to the great libraries of Balkh , Khwarezm , Gorgan , Rey , Isfahan and Hamadan .
Various texts ( such as the ' Ahd with Bahmanyar ) show that he debated philosophical points with the greatest scholars of the time .
His mother , named Setareh , was from Bukhara ; his father , Abdullah , was a respected Ismaili scholar from Balkh , an important town of the Samanid Empire , in what is today Balkh Province , Afghanistan .
Medieval historian Ẓahīr al-dīn al-Bayhaqī ( d. 1169 ) considered Avicenna to be a follower of the Brethren of Purity .
For the next year and a half , he studied philosophy , in which he encountered greater obstacles .
The teenager achieved full status as a qualified physician at age 18 , and found that " Medicine is no hard and thorny science , like mathematics and metaphysics , so I soon made great progress ; I became an excellent doctor and began to treat patients , using approved remedies . "
When the library was destroyed by fire not long after , the enemies of Ibn Sina accused him of burning it , in order for ever to conceal the sources of his knowledge .
Every evening , extracts from his great works , the Canon and the Sanatio , were dictated and explained to his pupils .
On the death of the emir , Ibn Sina ceased to be vizier and hid himself in the house of an apothecary , where , with intense assiduity , he continued the composition of his works .
Meanwhile , he had written to Abu Ya ' far , the prefect of the dynamic city of Isfahan , offering his services .
The search for a definitive Islamic philosophy separate from Occasionalism can be seen in what is left of his work .
Existence must , therefore , be due to an agent-cause that necessitates , imparts , gives , or adds existence to an essence .
Yet , to require differentia entails that they exist ' due-to-themselves ' as well as ' due to what is other than themselves ' ; and this is contradictory .
Abu Rayhan began by asking Avicenna eighteen questions , ten of which were criticisms of Aristotle 's On the Heavens .
These included treatises on the Islamic prophet s , whom he viewed as " inspired philosophers " , and on various scientific and philosophical interpretations of the Qur ' an , such as how Quranic cosmology corresponds to his own philosophical system .
Avicenna referred to the living human intelligence , particularly the active intellect , which he believed to be the hypostasis by which God communicates truth to the human mind and imparts order and intelligibility to nature .
Sensation prepares the soul to receive rational concepts from the universal Agent Intellect .
In the 15th century a commentary on the text of the Canon was composed .
But the Canon of Ibn Sīnā is distinguished from the Al-Hawi ( Continence ) or Summary of Rhazes by its greater method , due perhaps to the logical studies of the former .
This last part contains some personal observations .
On pages 379 – 381 ; Ibn Sina states the types of exercises under each type : There are certain important things to note once you start exercising , one is the amount , the other consistency ; Ibn Sina states about the amount : On being consistent with exercise Ibn Sina states ( on the importance of having a regimen ) : On the side note those who think themselves to be elderly , and thus think of shunning exercise , Ibn Sina write a complete chapter titled " Concerning the Elderly " in the Qanun , and states the same regimen for them , as he does for others .
The Book of Healing Earth sciences Ibn Sīnā wrote on Earth science s such as geology in The Book of Healing .
In optics , Ibn Sina was among those who argued that light had a speed , observing that " if the perception of light is due to the emission of some sort of particles by a luminous source , the speed of light must be finite . " .
Avicenna grounds his psychology on physiology , which means his account of the soul is one that deals almost entirely with the natural science of the body and its abilities of perception .
This process of perception and abstraction is the nexus of the soul and body , for the material body may only perceive material objects , while the immaterial soul may only receive the immaterial , universal forms .
His reasons were due to the methods used by astrologers in judicial astrology being conjectural rather than empirical and also due to the principles of this type of astrology conflicting with orthodox Islam .
He stated that it was true that each planet had some influence on the earth , but his argument was the difficulty of astrologers being able to determine the exact effect of it .
He is remembered in the Western history of medicine as a major historical figure who made important contributions to medicine and the European Renaissance .
His most famous works are The Book of Healing , a vast philosophical and scientific encyclopaedia , and The Canon of Medicine , Ibn Sīnā wrote at least one treatise on alchemy , but several others have been falsely attributed to him .
His Logic , Metaphysics , Physics , and De Caelo , are treatises giving a synoptic view of Aristotelian doctrine , though the Metaphysics demonstrates a significant departure from the brand of Neoplatonism known as Aristotelianism in Ibn Sīnā 's world ; Arabic philosophers have hinted at the idea that Ibn Sīnā was attempting to " re-Aristotelianise " Muslim philosophy in its entirety , unlike his predecessors , who accepted the conflation of Platonic , Aristotelian , Neo - and Middle-Platonic works transmitted into the Muslim world .
There is also a حكمت مشرقيه ( hikmat-al-mashriqqiyya , in Latin Philosophia Orientalis ) , mentioned by Roger Bacon , the majority of which is lost in antiquity , which according to Averroes was pantheistic in tone .
Andar Danesh-e-Rag Andar Danesh-e-Rag is called " On the science of the pulse " .
A series of " The Ashes " comprises five Test matches , two innings per match , under the regular rules for Test match cricket .
If a series is drawn then the country already holding the Ashes retains them .
During that tour a small terracotta urn was presented to England captain Ivo Bligh by a group of Melbourne women .
Since the 1998 – 99 Ashes series , a Waterford Crystal representation of the Ashes urn has been presented to the winners of an Ashes series as the official trophy of that series .
This thing can be done , " he declared .
He was interviewed in his home at Cobham Hall by Montague Grover and the report of this interview was as follows .
This is the fourth verse of a song-lyric published in Melbourne Punch on 1 February 1883 : In February 1883 , just before the disputed Fourth Test , a velvet bag made by Mrs Ann Fletcher , the daughter of Joseph Hines Clarke and Marion Wright , both of Dublin , was given to Bligh to contain the urn .
The London Illustrated News published this photo in January 1921 ( shown at right ) This 1921 photo was also used by the Perth Western Mail in 1924 in a montage and is shown at the right below it .
At the end of the Third Test , England were generally considered to have " won back the Ashes " 2 – 1 .
England won it against the odds , and Plum Warner , the England captain , wrote up his version of the tour in his book How We Recovered The Ashes .
England retained the Ashes when they won the 1912 Triangular Tournament , which also featured South Africa .
In a rain-hit series in 1926 , England managed to eke out a 1 – 0 victory with a win in the final Test at The Oval .
Because the series was at stake , the match was to be " timeless " , i.e. , played to a finish .
In spite of the very difficult batting conditions , however , Hobbs and Sutcliffe took their partnership to 172 before Hobbs was out for exactly 100 .
My one idea when going into bat was to make runs for Australia . "
In the Headingley Test , he made 334 , reaching 309 * at the end of the first day , including a century before lunch .
He famously told England manager Pelham Warner , " There are two teams out there .
The 1934 Ashes series began with the notable absence of Larwood , Voce and Jardine .
Larwood was forced by the MCC to either apologise or be removed from the Test side .
He started badly , losing the first two Tests heavily after Australia were caught on sticky wicket s. However , the Australians fought back and Bradman won his first series in charge 3 – 2 .
The 1948 series ended with one of the most poignant moments in cricket history , as Bradman played his final innings for Australia in the Fifth Test at The Oval , needing to score only four runs to end with a career batting average of exactly 100 .
1954 to 1971 In 1954 – 55 , Australia 's batsmen had no answer to the pace of Frank Tyson and Statham .
The powerful array of bowlers that both countries boasted in the preceding decade moved into retirement , and their replacements were of lesser quality , making it more difficult to force a result .
During this period , spectator attendances dropped and media condemnation increased , but Simpson and Lawry flatly disregarded the public dissatisfaction .
Brearley retired from Test cricket in 1979 and was succeeded by Ian Botham , who started the 1981 series as England captain , by which time the WSC split had ended .
Australia , now captained by Allan Border , had themselves been weakened by a rebel South African tour , the loss of Terry Alderman being a particular factor .
Despite suffering heavy defeats against the West Indies during the 1980s , England continued to do well in the Ashes .
Australia came back with a victory at Perth in the Third Test .
Ashes series have generally been played over five Test matches , although there have been four-match series ( 1938 ; 1975 ) and six-match series ( 1970 – 71 ; 1974 – 75 ; 1978 – 79 ; 1981 ; 1985 ; 1989 ; 1993 and 1997 ) .
The England and Wales Cricket Board declined and the series was played over five Tests .
See also Notes References External links
It has also been ascribed to Isaac Newton , in the form of a practical method of physical discovery ( which he did not name or formally describe ) .
Applicants Chemistry The field of chemistry uses analysis in at least three ways : to identify the components of a particular chemical compound ( qualitative analysis ) , to identify the proportions of components in a mixture ( quantitative analysis ) , and to break down chemical process es and examine chemical reaction s between elements of matter .
Analysis can be done manually or with a device .
Intelligence agencies may use heuristics , inductive and deductive reasoning , social network analysis , dynamic network analysis , link analysis , and brainstorming to sort through problems they face .
Gettysburg was his finest hour , but his relief by Maj. Gen. George G. Meade caused lasting enmity between the two men .
His maternal grandfather joined the army at 14 and was a mounted messenger for George Washington .
Brigade and division command in Virginia Doubleday was promoted to major on May 14 , 1861 , and commanded the Artillery Department in the Shenandoah Valley from June to August , and then the artillery for Major General Nathaniel Banks 's division of the Army of the Potomac .
At Fredericksburg in December 1862 , his division mostly sat idle .
Gettysburg At the start of the Battle of Gettysburg , July 1 , 1863 , Doubleday 's division was the second infantry division on the field to reinforce the cavalry division of Brigadier General John Buford .
Doubleday 's indecision as a commander in the war resulted in his uncomplimentary nickname " Forty-Eight Hours . "
There is a obelisk monument at Arlington National Cemetery where he is buried , located about behind the Lee Mansion .
The Abner Doubleday Little League and Babe Ruth Fields in Ballston Spa , New York , the town of his birth .
Spalding was , however , known to aggrandise his role in the major moments in baseball 's history .
Amplitude modulation ( AM ) is a technique used in electronic communication , most commonly for transmitting information via a radio carrier wave .
In the mid-1870s , a form of amplitude modulation — initially called " undulatory currents " — was the first method to successfully produce quality audio over telephone lines .
Amplitude modulation resulting in two sidebands and a carrier is called " double-sideband amplitude modulation " ( DSB-AM ) .
This is used by radio amateurs to transmit Morse code and is known as continuous wave ( CW ) operation .
Let m ( t ) represent an arbitrary waveform that is the message to be transmitted , e.g. , a simple audio tone of form : where constant M represent the largest magnitude , and the frequency is : It is assumed that \ omega_m \ ll \ omega_c \ , and that \ min [ m ( t ) ] = - M. \ , Amplitude modulation is formed by the product : A \ , represents the carrier amplitude , which is a constant that demonstrates the modulation index .
The suppression methods described above may be understood in terms of Figure 2 .
However , AM demodulators can be designed to detect the inversion ( or 180-degree phase reversal ) that occurs when modulation exceeds 100 percent ; they automatically correct for this defect .
Calculated digital samples are converted to voltages with a digital to analog converter , typically at a frequency less than the desired RF-output frequency .

All the compliments , " he says , " that I have received from Arago , Laplace and Biot never gave me so much pleasure as the discovery of a theoretic truth , or the confirmation of a calculation by experiment " .
Below are translations of his publications into English : See also Notes References External links
Early history In Egypt , the first home of monasticism , the jurisdiction of the abbot , or archimandrite , was but loosely defined .
Thus at the first Council of Constantinople , AD 448 , 23 archimandrite s or abbots sign , with 30 bishop s. The second Council of Nicaea , AD 787 , recognized the right of abbots to ordain their monks to the inferior orders below the diaconate , a power usually reserved to bishops .
Of course , they always and everywhere had the power of admitting their own monks and vesting them with the religious habit .
One of the main goals of monasticism was the purgation of self and selfishness , and obedience was seen as a path to that perfection .
Examples among the Egyptian monks of this submission to the commands of the superiors , exalted into a virtue by those who regarded the entire crushing of the individual will as a goal , are detailed by Cassian and others , e.g. a monk watering a dry stick , day after day , for months , or endeavoring to remove a huge rock immensely exceeding his powers .
After proceeding up the nave , he was to kneel and pray at the topmost step of the entrance of the choir , into which he was to be introduced by the bishop or his commissary , and placed in his stall .
In the West the Rule of St Benedict appointed him a separate table , at which he might entertain guests and strangers .
This permission opening the door to luxurious living , the council of Aachen , AD 817 , decreed that the abbot should dine in the refectory , and be content with the ordinary fare of the monks , unless he had to entertain a guest .
When the abbot condescended to dine in the refectory , his chaplain s waited upon him with the dishes , a servant , if necessary , assisting them .
The bells of the churches were rung as they passed .
, , , , or , , or sometimes simply ) were the outcome of the growth of the feudal system from the 8th century onwards .
Sometimes the monks were directly subject to the lay abbot ; sometimes he appointed a substitute to perform the spiritual functions , known usually as dean ( decanus ) , but also as abbot ( abbas legitimas , monasticus , regularis ) .
The ceremony of such a blessing is similar in some aspects to the consecration of a bishop , with the new abbot being presented with the mitre , the ring , and the crosier as symbols of office and receiving the laying on of hands and blessing from the celebrant .
Nearly every great family had its abbé .
Though the title " abbot " is not given in the Western Church to any but actual abbots of monasteries today , the title archimandrite is given to " monastics " ( i.e. , celibate ) priests in the East , even when not attached to a monastery , as an honor for service , similar to the title of monsignor in the Western/Latin Rite of the Roman Catholic Church .
Normally there are no celibate priests who are not monastics in the Orthodox Church , with the exception of married priests who have been widow ed .
The Abbot " was a nickname of RZA from the Wu-Tang Clan .
[[1144]]
In 1992 – 1993 a research team headed by Tim White discovered the first A. ramidus fossils — seventeen fragments including skull , mandible , teeth and arm bones — from the Afar Depression in the Middle Awash river valley of Ethiopia .
Between 1999 and 2003 , a multidisciplinary team led by Sileshi Semaw discovered bones and teeth of nine A. ramidus individuals at As Duma in the Gona Western Margin of Ethiopia 's Afar Region .
Ardipithecus ramidus had a small brain , measuring between 300 and 350 cm3 .
Their upper canines were less sharp than those of modern common chimpanzees in part because of this decreased upper canine size , as larger upper canines can be honed through wear against teeth in the lower mouth .
The features of the upper canine in A. ramidus contrast with the sexual dimorphism observed in common chimpanzees , where males have significantly larger and sharper upper canine teeth than females .
In particular , it has been used to suggest that the last common ancestor of hominids and African apes was characterized by relatively little aggression between males and between groups .
The fossil is the remains of a small-brained 50-kilogram ( 110 lb ) female , nicknamed " Ardi " , and includes most of the skull and teeth , as well as the pelvis , hands , and feet .
This date , however , has been questioned by others .
jpg | Scientific artist Jay Matternes ' rendition of Ardi .
Ardipithecus kadabba Ardipithecus kadabba is " known only from teeth and bits and pieces of skeletal bones " , and is dated to approximately 5.6 million years ago .
These teeth show " primitive morphology and wear pattern " which demonstrate that A. kadabba is a distinct species from A. ramidus .
Contrary Views The fossils of Ardipithecus have not yet been studied by researchers beyond the original ( 2009 ) group of describers , and the paleobiology and relationships of these creatures are the subject of controversy .
Due to the handmade & custom nature of this process , each musket was unique .
A single craftsman or team of craftsmen would create each part of a product .
Thus , before the modern assembly line took shape , there were prototypical forms in various industries , as outlined below .
This factory was so successful it remained in use until the 1960s , with the workshop still visible at HM Dockyard in Portsmouth , and still containing some of the original machinery .
The factory grounds were bordered by the Bridgewater Canal and the Liverpool and Manchester Railway .
But Whitney 's contribution was mostly as a popularizer rather than " the inventor " of repeatability .
He was inspired by several others ( including Honoré Blanc ) , or at least by the contemporary zeitgeist that was building around such ideas .
Conveyor systems The automatic flour mill built by Oliver Evans in 1785 was called the beginning of modern bulk material handling by Roe ( 1916 ) .
The innovation spread to other mills and breweries .
Ford France and Ford Britain in 1911 , Ford Denmark 1923 , Ford Germany 1925 ; in 1919 , Vulcan ( Southport , Lancashire ) was the first native European manufacturer to adopt it .
The demonym " Adelaidean " is used in reference to the city and its residents .
Today , Adelaide is noted for its many festivals and sporting events , its food , wine and culture , its long beachfronts , and its large defence and manufacturing sectors .
As a result of this policy , Adelaide does not share the convict settlement history of other Australian cities like Sydney , New South Wales ; Brisbane , Queensland and Hobart , Tasmania .
Trade links with the rest of the Australian states were established with the Murray River being successfully navigated in 1853 by Francis Cadell , an Adelaide resident .
Financial institutions in Melbourne and banks in Sydney closed .
Adelaide was not as badly hit as the larger gold-rush cities of Sydney and Melbourne , and silver and lead discoveries at Broken Hill provided some relief .
World War II brought industrial stimulus and diversification to Adelaide under the Playford Government , which advocated Adelaide as a safe place for manufacturing due to its less vulnerable location .
Light 's design was initially unpopular with the early settlers , as well as South Australia 's first Governor , John Hindmarsh .
Snowfall in the metropolitan area is uncommon , except for very light falls at Mount Lofty and some places in the Adelaide Hills , with the most recent occurrence being in October 2012 .
Governance Adelaide , as the capital of South Australia , is the seat of the Government of South Australia .
In 2006 , the Ministry for the City of Adelaide was created to facilitate the state government 's collaboration with the Adelaide City Council and the Lord Mayor to improve Adelaide 's image .
Age structure Overall , Adelaide is ageing more rapidly than other Australian capital cities .
The debt has recently been reduced with the State Government once again receiving a AAA + Credit Rating .
The three-month trend unemployment rate to March 2007 was 6.2 % .
The Northern suburbs ' unemployment rate is disproportionately higher than the other regions of Adelaide at 8.3 % , while the East and South are lower than the Adelaide average at 4.9 % and 5.0 % respectively .
Situated adjacent are the South Australian Museum and State Library of South Australia , while the Adelaide Botanic Garden , National Wine Centre and Tandanya National Aboriginal Cultural Institute are nearby in the East End of the city .
Media NewspapersNewspapers in Adelaide are dominated by News Corporation publications — Adelaide being the birthplace of News Corporation itself .
The Adelaide Review is a free paper published fortnightly , and other independent magazine-style papers are published , but are not as widely available .
The Adelaide Rams were formed and played in the breakaway Super League ( SL ) competition in 1997 before moving to the new National Rugby League in 1998 .
Adelaide will host the 2012 World Bowls Championships at Lockleys Bowling Club .
Two other RAH campuses which specialise in specific patient services are in the suburbs of Adelaide – the Hampstead Rehabilitation Centre in Northfield , and the Glenside Campus Mental Health Service .
These hospitals are also associated with medical schools .
A CBD tram loop too , is being considered and the latest Adelaide Airport master plan has also revealed a tram extension to the airport in the near future .
Historically , Adelaide was known as a " twenty-minute city " , with commuters having been able to travel from metropolitan outskirts to the city proper in roughly twenty minutes .
Adelaide airport currently has direct international flights servicing Auckland , Denpasar , Dubai , Kuala Lumpur , Hong Kong and Singapore .
It has also been rated Australia ’s Capital City Airport of the Year in 2006 , 2009 and 2011 .
The electricity retail market was opened to competition in 2003 and although competition was expected to result in lower retail costs , prices increased by 23.7 % in the market 's first year .
In 2004 the privatisation was deemed to be a failure with consumers paying 60 % more for their power and with the state government estimated to lose $ 3 billion in power generation net income in the first ten years of privatisation .
Increased media attention also revealed that in 2009 the state government had approved a 46 % increase in retail prices to cover expected increases in the costs of generation while generation costs had in fact fallen 35 % by 2012 .
Adelaide 's water supply is gained from its reservoirs : Mount Bold , Happy Valley , Myponga , Millbrook , Hope Valley , Little Para and South Para .
The remaining demand is met by the pumping of water from the River Murray .
See also Lists : References Further reading External links
Alan Garner OBE ( born 17 October 1934 ) is an English novelist who is best known for his children 's fantasy novels and his retellings of traditional British folk tales .
The Weirdstone of Brisingamen and The Moon of Gomrath : 1957 – 1964 In 1957 , Garner purchased Toad Hall , a Late Mediaeval building in Blackden , seven miles away from Alderley Edge .
Garner , who would go on to become a personal friend of Collins , would later relate that " Billy Collins saw a title with funny-looking words in it on the stockpile , and he decided to publish it . "
Following its release in 1960 , The Weirdstone of Brisingamen proved to be a " resounding success ... both critically and commercially " , later being described as " a tour de force of the imagination , a novel that showed almost every writer who came afterwards what it was possible to achieve in novels ostensibly published for children . "
With the help of the wizard Cadellin , the Brollachan is exorcised , but Susan 's soul also leaves her body , being sent to another dimension , leading Colin to find a way to bring it back .
The Stone Book series and Folkloric collections : 1974 – 1994 The Stone Book series ( 1976 – 1978 , The Stone Book Quartet in its omnnibus editions ) is poetic in style and inspiration .
Garner is an accomplished public speaker .
Susan Cooper related that " The power and range of Alan Garner 's astounding talent has grown with every book he 's written " , whilst David Almond called him one of Britain 's " greatest writers " whose works " really matter " .
( Here " almost all " has the sense " all but a countable set " ; see Properties below . )
Most broadly , all numbers that can be defined explicitly or implicitly in terms of polynomials , exponentials , and logarithms are called " elementary numbers " , and these include the algebraic numbers , plus some transcendental numbers .
It is , loosely speaking , the symmetry group of the object .
In most concrete settings , however , the objects will be sets with some additional structure and the morphisms will be functions preserving that structure .
In the case of groups , the inner automorphism s are the conjugations by the elements of the group itself .
These names are a reference to the type of accordion patented by Cyrill Demian , which concerned " automatically coupled chords on the bass side " .
Similar to a violin 's bow , the production of sound in an accordion is in direct proportion to the motion of the player .
There are three general categories : Reed ranks and switches Inside the accordion are the reeds that generate the instrument tones .
His instrument also could sound two different chords with the same key ; one for each bellows direction ( a bisonoric action ) .
At that time in Vienna , mouth harmonicas with Kanzellen ( chambers ) had already been available for many years , along with bigger instruments driven by hand bellows .
His 1844 patent for what he called a “ concertina ” also featured the ability to easily tune the reeds from the outside with a simple tool .
Most Vaudeville theaters closed during the Great Depression , but accordionists during 1930s-1950s taught and performed for radio .
The first composer to write specifically for the chromatic accordion was Paul Hindemith .
In 1922 , the Austrian Alban Berg included an accordion in Wozzeck , Op .
In the South of the country ( where there is a preponderance of the button accordion ) , in particular in Rio Grande do Sul , it used in the Brazilian Gaúcho musical style , an important exponent of this music being Renatto Borghetti .
Once every decade , the King of Kings accordion competition takes place , when winners of the previous festivals compete for the highest possible award for a vallenato accordion player : the Pilonera Mayor prize .
Full-time accordionists in folk metal seem even rarer , but they are still utilized for studio work , as flexible keyboardists are usually more accessible for live performances .
Notably , the Finnish symphonic folk-metal band Turisas has always had a full-time accordionist , employing classical and polka - style sensibilities alongside a violinist .

This raises philosophical issues about the nature of the mind and the ethics of creating artificial beings , issues which have been addressed by myth , fiction and philosophy since antiquity .
In February 2011 , in a Jeopardy !
In classical planning problems , the agent can assume that it is the only thing acting on the world and it can be certain what the consequences of its actions may be .
Emergent behavior such as this is used by evolutionary algorithms and swarm intelligence .
Regression is the attempt to produce a function that describes the relationship between inputs and outputs and predicts how the outputs should change as the inputs change .
Increases in processing speeds and the drop in the cost of data storage makes indexing large volumes of abstractions of the users input much more efficient .
Intelligence is required for robots to be able to handle such tasks as object manipulation and navigation , with sub-problems of localization ( knowing where you are , or finding out where other things are ) , mapping ( learning what is around you , building a map of the environment ) , and motion planning ( figuring out how to get there ) or path planning ( going from one point in space to another point , which may involve compliant motion - where the robot moves while maintaining physical contact with an object ) .
While the origins of the field may be traced as far back as to early philosophical inquiries into emotion , the more modern branch of computer science originated with Rosalind Picard 's 1995 paper on affective computing .
First , it must be able to predict the actions of others , by understanding their motives and emotional states .
A few of the most long standing questions that have remained unanswered are these : should artificial intelligence simulate natural intelligence by studying psychology or neurology ?
There is an ongoing debate about the relevance and validity of statistical approaches in AI , exemplified in part by exchanges between Peter Norvig and Noam Chomsky .
These tools include models such as Markov decision process es , dynamic decision network s , game theory and mechanism design .
Classifiers and statistical learning methods The simplest AI applications can be divided into two types : classifiers ( " if shiny then diamond " ) and controllers ( " if shiny then pick up " ) .
The most widely used classifiers are the neural network , kernel methods such as the support vector machine , k-nearest neighbor algorithm , Gaussian mixture model , naive Bayes classifier , and decision tree .
There is no single classifier that works best on all given problems ; this is also referred to as the " no free lunch " theorem .
These include : Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein considers a key issue in the ethics of artificial intelligence : if a machine can be created that has intelligence , could it also feel ?
This issue , now known as " robot rights " , is currently being considered by , for example , California 's Institute for the Future , although many critics believe that the discussion is premature .
The subject is profoundly discussed in the 2010 documentary film Plug & Pray .
This idea , called transhumanism , which has roots in Aldous Huxley and Robert Ettinger , has been illustrated in fiction as well , for example in the manga Ghost in the Shell and the science-fiction series Dune .
In the 1980s artist Hajime Sorayama 's Sexy Robots series were painted and published in Japan depicting the actual organic human form with life-like muscular metallic skins and later " the Gynoids " book followed that was used by or influenced movie makers including George Lucas and other creatives .
AIBO grew out of Sony 's Computer Science Laboratory ( CSL ) .
See also References Notes References AI textbooks History of AI Other sources Further reading External links

Back in London , Irish musician Davy Spillane told Emmerson about a belief that nomadic Celts lived in Africa or India before they migrated to Western Europe .
People thought I was mad when I touted the idea , " Emmerson told Jim Carroll of The Irish Times . "
I was broke and on income support but the success was extraordinary " .
Just as the second album was getting off the ground , one of the group 's core musicians , 27-year-old keyboardist Jo Bruce ( son of Cream bass player Jack Bruce ) , died suddenly of an asthma attack .
Then Irish pop star Sinéad O'Connor came to the rescue , collaborating with the band and helping them cope with their loss . "
For this one , I wanted to have more African vocals and input than we 'd done before . "
They played a number of shows to promote Anatomic in 2006 and summer 2007 , ending with a gig in Korea , before taking an extended break to work on side projects .
The most notable of these was The Imagined Village featuring Simon Emmerson and Johnny Kalsi .
In summer 2010 , the band commenced a series of live shows to tie in with a new 2-CD album CAPTURE : Afro Celt Sound System 1995-2010 , released on 6 September 2010 on Real World Records .
This page lists some links to ancient philosophy .
This period ended with the rise of the Qin Dynasty and the subsequent purge of dissent .
Buddhism arrived in China around the 1st century AD , but it was not until the Northern and Southern , Sui and Tang Dynasties that it gained considerable influence and acknowledgement .
Philosophers Ancient Greek and Roman philosophy Philosophers Presocratic philosophers Classical Greek philosophers Hellenistic philosophy Hellenistic schools of thought Early Roman and Christian philosophy See also : Christian philosophy Philosophers during Roman times Ancient Indian philosophy The ancient Indian philosophy is a fusion of two ancient traditions : Sramana tradition and Vedic tradition .
In the Vedic view , creation is ascribed to the self-consciousness of the primeval being ( Purusha ) .
Nature ( prakriti ) is taken to have three qualities ( sattva , rajas , and tamas ) .

Their collision produced what the mythical tradition had called cosmic harmony .
In the old cosmogonies – Hesiod ( 8th – 7th century BC ) and Pherecydes ( 6th century BC ) – Zeus establishes his order in the world by destroying the powers which were threatening this harmony , ( the Titans ) .
Apeiron The bishop Hippolytus of Rome ( I , 5 ) , and the later 6th century Byzantine philosopher Simplicius of Cilicia , attribute to Anaximander the earliest use of the word apeíron ( infinite or limitless ) to designate the original principle .
He was the first philosopher to employ , in a philosophical context , the term archế ( ) , which until then had meant beginning or origin .
He proposed the theory of the apeiron in direct response to the earlier theory of his teacher , Thales , who had claimed that the primary substance was water .
Anaximander explains how the four elements of ancient physics ( air , earth , water and fire ) are formed , and how Earth and terrestrial beings are formed through their interactions .
However , pseudo-Plutarch states that he still viewed celestial bodies as deities .
This theory places Anaximander close to the Atomists and the Epicureans who , more than a century later , also claimed that an infinity of worlds appeared and disappeared .
He saw the sea as a remnant of the mass of humidity that once surrounded Earth .
The 3rd century Roman writer Censorinus reports : Anaximander put forward the idea that humans had to spend part of this transition inside the mouths of big fish to protect themselves from the Earth 's climate until they could come out in open air and lose their scales .
The centre or “ navel ” of the world ( omphalós gẽs ) could have been Delphi , but is more likely in Anaximander 's time to have been located near Miletus .
The Nile flowed south into the ocean , separating Libya ( which was the name for the part of the then-known Africa n continent ) from Asia .
Gnomon The Suda relates that Anaximander explained some basic notions of geometry .
As the Suda seems to suggest , it is very likely that with his knowledge of geometry , he became the first Greek to accurately determine the equinoxes .
His Greek peers echoed this sentiment with their belief in natural boundaries beyond which not even the gods could operate .
Heidegger 's lecture is , in turn , an important influence on the French philosopher Jacques Derrida .
However , the development was gradual .
The use of terms and titles , including derivatives such as architectural designer , and the representation of oneself as an architect is restricted to licensed individuals by law .
The commission might involve preparing feasibility reports , building audits , the design of a building or of several buildings , structures , and the spaces among them .
In the United Kingdom and other countries , a quantity surveyor is often part of the team to provide cost consulting .
Professional requirements Although there are variations from place to place , most of the world 's architects are required to register with the appropriate jurisdiction .
, abbrv .
At first , abbreviations were sometimes represented with various suspension signs , not only periods .
Like many other cross - channel linguistic acquisitions , many Britons readily took this up and followed this rule themselves , while the Americans took a simpler rule and applied it rigorously .
Many British publications have gradually done away with the use of periods in abbreviations .
The only rule universally accepted is that one should be consistent , and to make this easier , publishers express their preferences in a style guide .
When abbreviating words that are originally spelled with lower case letters , there is no need for capitalization .
In British English , according to Hart 's Rules , the general rule is that abbreviations ( in the narrow sense that includes only words with the ending , and not the middle , dropped ) terminate with a full stop ( period ) , whereas contractions ( in the sense of words missing a middle part ) do not .
Conventions followed by publications and newspapers United StatesPublications based in the U.S. tend to follow the style guides of The Chicago Manual of Style and the Associated Press .
For example , Gestapo stands for Geheime Staats-Polizei , or " secret state police " .
Organisations Partially syllabic abbreviations are preferred by the US Navy , as it increases readability amidst the large number of initialisms that would otherwise have to fit into the same acronyms .
Many lesser beings were said to be children of Aphrodite .
The foam from his genitals gave rise to Aphrodite ( hence her name , meaning " foam-arisen " ) , while the Erinyes ( furies ) emerged from the drops of his blood .
She is often depicted nude .
Adonis Aphrodite was Adonis ' lover and a surrogate mother to him .
In a rage , he chases her out of the house with a knife .
Myrrha gives birth to a baby boy named Adonis .
One of his greatest passions is hunting , and although Aphrodite is not naturally a hunter , she takes up the sport just so she can be with him .
They spend every waking hour with one another , and Aphrodite is enraptured with him .
Soon , however , Adonis is the one being pursued ; he is no match for the giant boar .
The goddesses chose to place the matter before Zeus , who , not wanting to favor one of the goddesses , put the choice into the hands of Paris .
The other two goddesses were enraged by this , and through Helen 's abduction by Paris , they brought about the Trojan War .
Hans Georg Wunderlich further connects Aphrodite with the Minoan snake goddess .
Comparison with the Indo-European dawn goddess It has long been accepted in comparative mythology that Aphrodite ( regardless of possible oriental influences ) preserves some aspects of the Indo-European dawn goddess * Hausos ( properly Greek Eos , Latin Aurora , Sanskrit Ushas ) .
jpg | '' Fountain of Aphrodite in Mexico City .
jpg | The Ludovisi Throne ( 460 BC ? )

Crowley 's father was particularly devout , spending his time as a travelling preacher for the sect and reading a chapter from the Bible to his wife and son after breakfast every day .
Aged 8 , Crowley was sent to H.T. Habershon 's evangelical Christian boarding school in Hastings , and then to a preparatory school in Cambridge run by the Reverend Henry d'Arcy Champney , whom Crowley considered a sadist .
On 5 March 1887 , when Crowley was 11 , his father died of tongue cancer .
In 1897 , Crowley met a man named Herbert Charles Pollitt , the president of the Cambridge University Footlights Dramatic Club , and the two entered into a relationship but broke up because Pollitt did not share Crowley 's increasing interest in the esoteric .
He soon invited a Golden Dawn associate , Allan Bennett ( 1872 – 1923 ) , to live with him , and Bennett became his personal tutor , teaching him more about ceremonial magic and the ritual usage of drugs .
In 1899 , Crowley acquired Boleskine House in Foyers on the shore of Loch Ness in Scotland .
However , a schism had developed in the Golden Dawn , with MacGregor Mathers , the organisation 's leader , being ousted by a group of members who were unhappy with his autocratic rule .
Crowley had previously approached this group of rebels , asking to be initiated into the further orders of the Golden Dawn , but they had declined him .
During this period , Eckenstein revealed mystical learnings of his own and told Crowley that he needed to improve the control of his mind , recommending the Indian practice of raja yoga in order to do so .
She then led him to a nearby museum in Cairo where she showed him a seventh-century BCE mortuary stele known as the Stele of Ankh-ef-en-Khonsu ( it later came to be revered in Thelema as the " Stele of Revealing " ) ; Crowley was astounded , for the exhibit 's number was 666 , the number of the beast in Christian belief .
Crowley took this all to be a sign from a divine entity and on 20 March began performing ritual invocations of the god Horus in his rented room .
Crowley said that he wrote down everything the voice told him over the course of the next three days , and subsequently titled it Liber AL vel Legis or The Book of the Law .
Kangchenjunga and China : 1905 – 1906 Returning to Boleskine , Crowley came to believe , for reasons that are documented in his diaries , that his former friend Samuel Liddell MacGregor Mathers had become so jealous of his progression as a ceremonial magician that he had begun using magic against him , and the relationship between the two broke down .
On 28 July 1905 , Rose gave birth to Crowley 's first child , a daughter , whom he named Nuit Ma Ahathoor Hecate Sappho Jezebel Lilith , although she would commonly be referred to simply by her last name .
While his poetry often received strong reviews ( either positive or negative ) , it never sold well , and attempting to gain more publicity , he issued a reward of £ 100 for whomever could write the best essay on the topic of his work .
The winner of this would prove to be J.F.C. Fuller ( 1878 – 1966 ) , a British Army officer and military historian , whose essay , The Star in the West , heralded Crowley 's poetry as some of the greatest ever written .
Nonetheless , Crowley ignored the advice of Simpson , instead heading off to America .
Heartbroken , his health began to suffer , and he underwent a series of surgical operations .
In this he was supported by his friend and fellow occultist George Cecil Jones .
In a period of seven weeks , Crowley and Neuburg performed a total of twenty-four rituals which they recorded in the ' holy ' or partially holy book formally entitled Opus Lutetia num .
In 1915 he wrote a couple of columns in the Telegraph-Herald , titled German Views of the War , in which he represented the German political-philosophical point of view in World War I. In June 1915 , Crowley met Jeanne Robert Foster in the company of her friend Hellen Hollis , a journalist ; Crowley would have affairs with both women .
By the end of 1915 , the affair would be over .
Despite his objections to sacrificing a living animal , he resolved to crucify a frog as part of a rehearsal of the life of Jesus in the Gospels ( afterward declaring it his willing familiar ) , " with the idea ... that some supreme violation of all the laws of my being would break down my Karma or dissolve the spell that seems to bind me " .
The question of whether Crowley was a spy has always been subject to debate , but Spence uncovered a document from the US Army 's old Military Intelligence Division supporting Crowley 's own claim to having been a spy : Abbey of Thelema : 1920 – 1923 Soon after moving from West 9th St. in Greenwich Village , New York City , to Palermo , Sicily , with their newborn daughter Anne Leah ( nicknamed Poupée , born February 1920 , died in a hospital in Palermo 14 October 1920 ) , Crowley , along with Leah Hirsig , founded the Abbey of Thelema in Cefalù ( Palermo ) on 14 April 1920 , the day the lease for the villa Santa Barbara was signed by Sir Alastor de Kerval ( Crowley ) and Contessa Lea Harcourt ( Leah Hirsig ) .
The Crowleys arrived in Cefalu on 1 April 1920 .
Shumway was banished from the abbey and the Beast lamented the death of his children .
They could then pass along false information about an alleged pro-German circle in Britain .
In April 1944 , Crowley moved from 93 Jermyn St. to Bell Inn at Aston Clinton , Bucks .
On 14 March 1945 , in a letter Fortune wrote to Crowley , she declares : " ... The acknowledgement I made in the introduction of The Mystical Qabalah of my indebtness to your work , which seemed to me to be no more than common literary honesty , has been used as a rod for my back by people who look on you as Antichrist " .
Elizabeth Reis claims that Crowley physically abused his Scarlet Women in sadomasochistic sex rituals , and also outside the ritual context by battering them .
We do not fool and flatter women , we do not despise and abuse them .
In America , his followers also continued , one of the most prominent of whom was Jack Parsons , the influential rocket scientist .
One of Crowley 's acquaintances in the last months of his life was Gerald Gardner , who was initiated into O.T.O. by Crowley and subsequently went on to found the Neopagan religion of Wicca .
Other comic book writers have also made use of him , with Pat Mills and Olivier Ledroit portraying him as a reincarnated vampire in their series Requiem Chevalier Vampire .
The door was placed prominently on stage during their gigs .
Crowley was also a major influence and inspiration to the work on the radical avant garde underground film-maker Kenneth Anger , especially his Magick Lantern Cycle series of works .
One of Anger 's works is a film of Crowley 's paintings , and in 2009 he gave a lecture on the subject of Crowley .
The Italian historian of esotericism Giordano Berti , in his book Tarocchi di Aleister Crowley ( 1998 ) quotes a number of literary works and films inspired by Crowley 's life and legends .
In this latter view , such rebirths and deaths may take place over and over again continuously until the individual gains entry to a spiritual realm or Otherworld .
In contrast , in systems of reincarnation , such as those in the Dharmic tradition , the nature of the continued existence is determined directly by the actions of the individual in the ended life , rather than through the decision of another being .
One consequence of the Hindu and Spiritist beliefs is that our current lives are both afterlife and a beforelife .
Similar places of torment and reward can be seen in Greek Mythology with Elysium versus Tartarus .
On Friday , April 20 , 2007 Pope Benedict XVI , abolished the whole idea saying he " showed doubt about the concept of limbo " .
He cited his concerns about it when he was a cardinal .
Arriving at one 's reward in afterlife was a demanding ordeal , requiring a sin-free heart and the ability to recite the spells , passwords and formulae of the Book of the Dead .
The Greek god Hermes , the messenger of the gods , would take the dead soul of a person to the underworld ( sometimes called Hades or the House of Hades ) .
Charon , also known as the ferry-man , would take the soul across the river to Hades , if the soul had gold : Upon burial , the family of the dead soul would put coins under the deceased 's tongue .
Once crossed , the soul would be judged by Aeacus , Rhadamanthus and King Minos .
( Ecc .
Although there is no reference to reincarnation in the Talmud or any prior writings , according to rabbis such as Rabbi Avraham Arieh Trugman , reincarnation is recognized as being part and parcel of Jewish tradition .
Rabbi Shraga Simmons commented that within the Bible itself , the idea [ of reincarnation ] is intimated in Deut .
Rabbi Yirmiyahu Ullman wrote that reincarnation is an " ancient , mainstream belief in Judaism " .
While refuting reincarnation , the Saadia Gaon further states that Jews who hold to reincarnation have adopted non-Jewish beliefs .
Eschatological passages are found in many places , especially Isaiah , Daniel , Matthew 24 , Matthew 25 , and the Book of Revelation .
Although punishments are made part of certain Christian conceptions of the afterlife , the prevalent concept of " eternal damnation " is a tenet of the Christian afterlife .
When it was full , men drew it ashore and sat down and sorted the good into vessels but threw away the bad .
It should be noted that the Book of Enoch is considered apocryphal by most denominations of Christianity and all denominations of Judaism .
The non-canonical Acts of Paul and Thecla speak of the efficacy of prayer for the dead , so that they might be " translated to a state of happiness " .
The same word in adjectival form ( purgatorius - a - um , cleansing ) , which appears also in non-religious writing , was already used by Christians such as Augustine of Hippo and Pope Gregory I to refer to an after-death cleansing .
Most Christians deny that entry into Heaven can be properly earned , rather it is a gift that is solely God 's to give through his unmerited grace .
The Augustinian , Thomist , Lutheran , and Calvinist theological traditions all emphasize the necessity of God 's undeserved grace for salvation , and reject so-called Pelagianism , which would make man earn salvation through good works .
Not all Christian sects accept this doctrine , leading many controversies on grace and free will , and the idea of predestination .
Christian theologians Thomas Aquinas and Jonathan Edwards wrote that the saved in heaven will delight in the suffering of the damned .
See Job 38:4 -7 , D&C 93:29 .
Later , he received Angelic administrations from the Apostles Peter , James , and John , John the Baptist , and others .
Jesus will call to life all those who are unrighteous .
5:5 ; Rev. 21:1 -7 ; 22:1 -5 ; 11:15 . )
Orthodox ChristianityOrthodoxy teaches that , " after the soul leaves the body , it journeys to the abode of the dead ( Hades ) .
The higher the level the better it is and the happier you are .
Jahannam possess 7 deep terrible layers .
Islam teaches that the purpose of Man 's entire creation is to worship the Creator of the Heavens and Earth — Allah alone that includes being kind to other human beings and life including bugs , and to trees , by not oppressing them .
In the 20th century , discussions about the afterlife address the interconnection between human action and divine judgment , the need for moral rectitude , and the eternal consequences of human action in this life and world .
The end of this cycle is called " Mukti " ( Sanskrit : मुक्ति ) and staying finally with supreme God forever ; is " Moksha " ( Sanskrit : मोक्ष ) or salvation .
A record of each person 's timings & deeds performed by him is kept in a ledger by Yama 's assistant " Chitragupta " .
The soul , called " Atman " leaves the body and reincarnates itself according to the deeds or Karma performed by one in last birth .
For example , where a person has committed harmful actions of body , speech and mind based on greed , hatred and delusion , rebirth in a lower realm , i.e. an animal , a ghost or a hell realm , is to be expected .
And some have fear , which results from foul deeds in the former life or from insistent haughtiness .
Ideas which are rising from subconsciousness can cause extreme tempers and cowing visions .
The ones who do not follow the path after all will get hints for a better reincarnation .
There are 10 life states of any life : Hell , hunger , anger , animality , rapture , humanity , learning , realization , bodhisatva and buddhahood .
At next stage , universe was created .
Below these four classes are non-humans such as plants and viruses .
Many Wiccans see The Summerland as a place to reflect on their life actions .
Most Unitarian Universalists believe that heaven and hell are symbolic places of consciousness and the faith is largely focused on the worldy life rather than any possible afterlife .
For the three days that it rests on Earth , righteous souls sit at the head of their body , chanting the Ustavaiti Gathas with joy , while a wicked person sits at the feet of the corpse , wails and recites the Yasna .
After three nights , the soul of the wicked is taken by the demon Vizaresa ( Vīzarəša ) , to Chinvat bridge , and is made to go to darkness ( hell ) .
Its earliest members included noted scientists like William Crookes , and philosophers such as Henry Sidgwick and William James .
Frank Tipler has argued that physics can explain immortality , though such arguments are not falsifiable and thus do not qualify , in Karl Popper 's views , as science .
According to Price , the dream world will not follow the laws of physics just as ordinary dreams do not .
The information obtained by astrometric measurements provides information on the kinematics and physical origin of our Solar System and our galaxy , the Milky Way .
In the 15th century , the Timurid astronomer Ulugh Beg compiled the Zij-i-Sultani , in which he catalogued 1,019 stars .
During the past 50 years , 7,435 Schmidt camera plates were used to complete several sky surveys that make the data in USNO-B1 .0 accurate to within 0.2 arcsec .
Astrometry has also been used to support claims of extrasolar planet detection by measuring the displacement the proposed planets cause in their parent star 's apparent position on the sky , due to their mutual orbit around the center of mass of the system .
In Greek religion and mythology , Athena or Athene ( or ; Attic : , Athēnā or , Athēnaia ; Epic : , Athēnaiē ; Ionic : , Athēnē ; Doric : , Athānā ) , also referred to as Pallas Athena/Athene ( ; Παλλὰς Ἀθηνᾶ ; Παλλὰς Ἀθήνη ) , is the goddess of wisdom , courage , inspiration , civilization , law and justice , just warfare , mathematics , strength , strategy , the arts , crafts , and skill .
A remnant of archaic myth depicts her as the adoptive mother of Erechtheus / Erichthonius through the foiled rape by Hephaestus .
The goddess only encouraged fighting for a reasonable cause or to resolve conflict .
Classical myths thereafter note that Hera was so annoyed at Zeus for having produced a child that she conceived and bore Hephaestus by herself .
Plato , in Cratylus ( 407B ) gave the etymology of her name as signifying " the mind of god " , theou noesis .
Other origin talesSome origin stories tell of Athena having been born outside of Olympus and raised by the god Triton .
On this topic , Walter Burkert says " she is the Pallas of Athens , Pallas Athenaie , just as Hera of Argos is Here Argeie .
Her most famous temple , the Parthenon , on the Acropolis in Athens takes its name from this title .
The goddess does not tell them what the box contains , but warns them not to open it until she returns .
Tegea was an important religious center of ancient Greece , containing the Temple of Athena Alea .
She appears in Nausicaa 's dreams to ensure that the princess rescues Odysseus and plays a role in his eventual escort to Ithaca .
Only Eris , goddess of discord , was not invited .
The goddesses undressed and presented themselves to Paris naked , either at his request or for the sake of winning .
Hera tried to bribe Paris with control over all Asia and Europe , while Athena offered wisdom , fame and glory in battle , but Aphrodite came forth and whispered to Paris that if he were to choose her as the fairest he would have the most beautiful mortal woman in the world as a wife , and he accordingly chose her .
This woman was Helen , who was , unfortunately for Paris , already married to King Menelaus of Sparta .
The other two goddesses were enraged by this and through Helen 's abduction by Paris they brought about the Trojan War .
According to Ovid 's Latin narrative , Arachne 's tapestry featured twenty-one episodes of the infidelity of the deities , including Zeus being unfaithful with Leda , with Europa , and with Danaë .
This pairing evolved in tangent so that even in present day the owl is upheld as a symbol of perspicacity and erudition .
In earlier times , Athena may well have been a bird goddess , similar to the unknown goddess depicted with owls , wings , and bird talons on the Burney relief , a Mesopotamian terracotta relief of the early second millennium BC .
It seems to mean " Triton - born " , perhaps indicating that the sea-deity was her parent according to some early myths .
The latter would have to be drawn from Classical myths , however , rather than earlier ones .
Her shield bears at its centre the aegis with the head of the gorgon ( gorgoneion ) in the center and snakes around the edge .
It is in this standing posture that she was depicted in Phidias 's famous lost gold and ivory statue of her , 36 m tall , the Athena Parthenos in the Parthenon .
Other commonly received and repeated types of Athena in sculpture may be found in this list .
A large snake accompanied her and she held the goddess of victory in her hand .
Whether her name is attested in Eteocretan or not will have to wait for decipherment of Linear A .
( She may be found on some family crests of nobility . )
Jean Boucher 's statue of the seated skeptical thinker Ernest Renan , shown to the left , caused great controversy when it was installed in Tréguier , Brittany in 1902 .
The installation was accompanied by a mass protest from local Roman Catholics and a religious service against the growth of skepticism and secularism .
She explains the origin of mankind within the story to the game 's main protagonist , Desmond Miles , through his ancestor , Ezio Auditore .
He viewed it as " motherless paternity in the place of fatherless maternity " where once altered , Athena 's character was to be crystallized as that of a patriarch .
This supplemental rule book includes the remaining elements from the Merlin novels , such as Broken Patterns , and allows players to create Constructs such as Merlin 's Ghostwheel .
The Amber multiverse consists of Amber , a city at one pole of the universe wherein is found the Pattern , the symbol of Order ; The Courts of Chaos , an assembly of worlds at the other pole where can be found the Logrus , the manifestation of Chaos , and the Abyss , the source or end of all reality ; and Shadow , the collection of all possible universe s ( shadows ) between and around them .
However , since some feel that being the children of the main characters is too limiting , it is fairly common to either start with King Oberon 's death before the book begins and roleplay the Elder Amberites as they vie for the throne ; or to populate Amber from scratch with a different set of Elder Amberites .
A willingness to spend as many points as possible on an attribute may improve your chances of a high ranking , but too reckless a spending strategy could leave a player with few points to spend on powers and objects .
In a hotly contested auction , such as for the important attribute of warfare , the most valuable skill is the ability to force one 's opponents to back down .
However , in general , the books only feature mental battles when there is some reason for mind-to-mind contact ( for example , Trump contact ) and magic or Trump is involved in all three of the above conflicts , so it is not clear whether Zelazny intended his characters to have such a power ; the combination of Brand 's " living trump " powers and his high Psyche ( as presented in the roleplaying game ) would have guaranteed him victory over Corwin .
If there is a substantial difference between characters ' ranks , the conflict is generally over before the weaker character can react .
Additionally , Phage Press published 12 volumes of a dedicated Amber DRPG magazine called Amberzine .
[[1184]]

Although the elements usually must be soluble in the liquid state , they may not always be soluble in the solid state .
Terminology The term alloy is used to describe a mixture of atoms in which the primary constituent is a metal .
Lithium , sodium and calcium are common impurities in aluminum alloys , which can have adverse effects on the structural integrity of castings .
In practice , some alloys are used so predominantly with respect to their base metals that the name of the primary constituent is also used as the name of the alloy .
For example , 14 karat gold is an alloy of gold with other elements .
This is sometimes a result of the sizes of the atom s in the alloy , because larger atoms exert a compressive force on neighboring atoms , and smaller atoms exert a tensile force on their neighbors , helping the alloy resist deformation .
For example , impurities in semiconducting ferromagnetic alloys lead to different properties , as first predicted by White , Hogan , Suhl , Tian Abrie and Nakamura .
Some alloys are made by melting and mixing two or more metals .
However , for most alloys there is a particular proportion of constituents ( in rare cases two ) — the eutectic mixture — which gives the alloy a unique melting point .
If the steel is cooled slowly , the iron will gradually change into its low temperature allotrope .
Conversely , most heat-treatable alloys are precipitation hardening alloys , which produce the opposite effects that steel does .
The solutes in these alloys will precipitate over time , forming intermetallic phases , which are difficult to discern from the base metal .
Unlike steel , in which the solid solution separates to form different crystal phases , precipitation hardening alloys separate to form different phases within the same crystal .
These intermetallic alloys appear homogeneous in crystal structure , but tend to behave heterogeneous , becoming hard and somewhat brittle .
History Meteoric iron The use of alloys by humans started with the use of meteoric iron , a naturally occurring alloy of nickel and iron .
The amalgam was applied as a paste and then heated until the mercury vaporized , leaving the gold , silver , or tin behind .
In ancient Egypt and Mycenae , gold was often alloyed with copper to produce red-gold , or iron to produce a bright burgundy-gold .
upon the discovery of Archimedes ' principle .
However , these metals found little practical use until the introduction of crucible steel around 300 BC .
Once the Bessemer process began to gain widespread use , other alloys of steel began to follow .

Prophets in here refer to previous prophets such as Adam , Abraham , Noah , Moses , Jacob , David , Solomon and so on all the way until Jesus and Muhammed .
The word " scriptures " refers to the original scriptures that were given to certain prophets .
Although controversial at its time , the 13 principles laid out by the 12th century Spanish Jewish philosopher Maimonides are now considered mostly normative .

If changes were abrupt they were deemed revolutions .
For example , paintings glorified aristocracy in the early 17th century when leadership was needed to nationalize small political groupings , but later as leadership became oppressive , satirization increased and subjects were less concerned with leaders and more with more common plights of mankind .
For example , when the careful , even tedious , art techniques of French neo-classicism became oppressive to artists living in more exuberant times , a stylistic revolution known as " Impressionism " vitalized brush strokes and color .
Artistic Movements Ancient & Classical Art Key dates : 15000 BC / 400 BC-200AD / 350 AD-450AD Ancient - There are few remaining examples with early art often favouring drawing over colour .
Medieval & Gothic Key dates : 400AD Medieval - A highly religious art beginning in the 5th Century in Western Europe .
But by the 1500s Mannerism had overtaken the Renaissance and it was this style that caught on in Europe .
While Renaissance artists sought nature to find their style , the Mannerists looked first for a style and found a manner .
In Mannerist paintings , compositions can have no focal point , space can be ambiguous , figures can be characterized by an athletic bending and twisting with distortions , exaggerations , an elastic elongation of the limbs , bizarre posturing on one hand , graceful posturing on the other hand , and a rendering of the heads as uniformly small and oval .
Representative artists : Caravaggio , Annibale Carracci , Gianlorenzo Bernini , Rubens , Rembrandt , Nicolas Poussin Rococo Key dates : 1700s Throughout the 18th century in France , a new wealthy and influential middle-class was beginning to rise , even though the royalty and nobility continued to be patrons of the arts .
The term Rococo was derived from the French word " rocaille " , which means pebbles and refers to the stones and shells used to decorate the interiors of caves .
Boucher also became the principal designer for the royal porcelain factory and the director of the Gobelins tapestry factory .
The Vulcan Presenting Venus with Arms for Aeneas is a template for a tapestry made by this factory .
Artists might work in both styles at different times or even mix the styles , creating an intellectually Romantic work using a Neoclassical visual style , for example .
Representative artists : George Stubbs , William Blake , John Martin , Francisco Goya , Sir Thomas Lawrence , John Constable , Eugène Delacroix , Sir Edwin landseer , Caspar David Friedrich , JMW Turner References
This influenced European intellectuals like François Quesnay , an avid Confucianist and advocate of China 's agrarian policies , forming the French agrarian philosophy of Physiocracy .
Secondly , the term " agrarianism " means political proposals for land redistribution , specifically the distribution of land from the rich to the poor or landless .
They encouraged farming and agriculture and taught farming and cultivation techniques , as they believed that agricultural development was the key to a stable and prosperous society .
18th and 19th-century Europeans and Americans Borrowing from the French Physiocrats the idea that all wealth originates with the land , making farming the only truly productive enterprise , agrarianism claims that agriculture is the foundation of all other professions .
His labor theory of value influenced the thinking of Thomas Jefferson , who in turn shaped the way many nineteenth-century American homesteaders understood ownership of their farms .
He stresses the significance of the writings of Jefferson and his followers in the South , such as John Taylor of Caroline in the development of agricultural fundamentalism .
American politicians , for example , boasted of their agrarian or log-cabin origins , and praised the republicanism of the yeoman farmers .
The Country Life Movement was a loose grouping of social reformers , church leaders , and urban progressives ; they sought solutions for rural economic decline , social stagnation , and the depopulation of the countryside .
After 1890 came philosopher Josiah Royce ( 1855 – 1916 ) , botanist Liberty Hyde Bailey ( 1858 – 1954 ) , the Southern Agrarians of the 1920s and 1930s , novelist John Steinbeck ( 1902 – 1968 ) , historian A. Whitney Griswold ( 1906 – 1963 ) , environmentalist Aldo Leopold ( 1887 – 1948 ) , Ralph Borsodi ( 1886 – 1977 ) , and present-day authors Wendell Berry ( b. 1934 ) , Gene Logsdon ( b. 1932 ) , Paul Thompson , and Allan C. Carlson ( b. 1949 ) .
In 1930 in the U.S. the Southern Agrarians wrote in the " Introduction : A Statement of Principles " to their book I 'll Take My Stand : The South and the Agrarian Tradition that Leading American Neo-Agrarian TheoristsRecent agrarian thinkers are sometimes referred to as neo-Agrarian and include the likes of Wendell Berry , Paul B. Thompson , and Gene Logsdon .
It is wrong when it tends otherwise " [ 15 ] He holds the view that an adequate environmental ethic — one that addresses actual environmental concerns — must be intrinsically holistic .
They also wanted village cooperatives to keep the profit from crop sales in local hands , and credit institutions to underwrite needed improvements .
Peasant parties rarely had any power before World War I , but some became influential in the interwar era , especially in Bulgaria and Czechoslovakia .
BZNS came to power in 1919 and introduces many economic , social , and legal reforms .
Iuliu Maniu ( 1873 – 1953 ) was prime minister with an agrarian cabinet from 1928 to 1930 , but the Great Depression made proposed reforms impossible .
Serbia In Serbia Nikola Pašić ( 1845 – 1926 ) and his Radical Party dominated Serbian politics after 1903 ; they also monopolized power in Yugoslavia from 1918 to 1929 ; during the dictatorship of the 1930s , it furnished the prime minister .
Australia In Australia , the Country Party from the 1920s to the 1970s , promulgated its version of agrarianism , which it called " Countrymindedness " .
The Liberal Party set out to change that by a policy it called " populism . "


Atomic may refer to : See also
In geometry , an angle is the figure formed by two rays , called the sides of the angle , sharing a common endpoint , called the vertex of the angle .
The word angle comes from the Latin word angulus , meaning " a corner " .
The word angulus is a diminutive , of which the primitive form , angus , does not occur in Latin .
Measuring angles The size of a geometric angle is usually characterized by the magnitude of the smallest rotation that maps one of the rays into the other .
Angles that have the same size are sometimes called congruent angles .
Units Units used to represent angles are listed below in descending magnitude order .
( Proof .
Gradients are often expressed as a percentage .
In rational geometry the spread between two lines is defined at the square of sine of the angle between the lines .
See the figures in this article for examples .
However , in many geometrical situations it is obvious from context that the positive angle less than or equal to 180 degrees is meant , and no ambiguity arises .
Dot product and generalisation In the Euclidean plane , the angle θ between two vectors u and v is related to their dot product and their lengths by the formula This formula supplies an easy method to find the angle between two planes ( or curved surfaces ) from their normal vector s and between skew lines from their vector equations .
Astronomers measure the angular separation of two star s by imagining two lines through the centre of the Earth , each intersecting one of the stars .
History of acoustics Early research in acoustics In the 6th century BC , the ancient Greek philosopher Pythagoras wanted to know why some musical intervals seemed more beautiful than others , and he found answers in terms of numerical ratios representing the harmonic overtone series on a string .
There is one fundamental equation that describes sound wave propagation , but the phenomena that emerge from it are varied and often complex .
The wave carries energy throughout the propagating medium .
In fluid s , sound propagates primarily as a pressure wave .
Electroacoustic transducers include loudspeaker s , microphones , hydrophones and sonar projectors .
The ultrasonic systems used in medical ultrasonography employ piezoelectric transducers .

Electronic configuration Electrons form notional shells around the nucleus .
These are naturally in a ground state but can be excited by the absorption of energy from light ( photon s ) , magnetic fields , or interaction with a colliding particle ( typically other electrons ) .
Any quantity of energy absorbed by the electron in excess of this amount is converted to kinetic energy according to the conservation of energy .
History and developments The majority of fields in physics can be divided between theoretical work and experimental work , and atomic physics is no exception .
Of course , the current state of technology at any given time can put limitations on what can be achieved experimentally and theoretically so it may take considerable time for theory to be refined .
The study of these lines led to the Bohr atom model and to the birth of quantum mechanics .
This can be attributed to progress in computing technology , which has allowed larger and more sophisticated models of atomic structure and associated collision processes .
In addition , non-manual features can be phonemic , including movement of face and torso .
ASL grammar is completely unrelated to that of English , although English loan word s are often borrowed through fingerspelling .
However , this does not seem justified historically for ASL and Auslan , and it is likely that this resemblance is due to the higher degree of iconicity in signed languages in general , as well as contact with English .
In the United States , as elsewhere in the world , hearing families with deaf children have historically employed ad-hoc home sign , which often reaches much higher levels of sophistication than gestures used by hearing people in spoken conversation .
As early as 1541 at first contact by Francisco Vásquez de Coronado , there were reports that the Plains Indians had developed a sign language to communicate between tribes of different languages .
Martha 's Vineyard Sign Language ( MVSL ) , which was particularly important for the history of ASL , was used mainly in Chilmark , Massachusetts .
Ultimately , Gallaudet chose to adopt the methods of the French Institut National de Jeunes Sourds de Paris , and convinced Laurent Clerc , an assistant to the school 's founder Charles-Michel de l'Épée , to accompany him back to the United States .
A 100,000-person lower bound has been cited for ASL users ; the source of this figure is unclear , but it may be an estimate of prelingual deafness , which is correlated with but not equivalent to signing .
This syndrome results in deafness from birth followed by loss of vision later in life ; consequently , those with Usher 's syndrome often grow up in the deaf community using ASL , and later transition to TASL .
ASL faces stigma due to beliefs that spoken language is superior to signed language , as well as the higher perceived status of English and the fact that ASL is sometimes written using English words .
These bilingual hearing children may be mistakenly labeled as being " slow learners " or as having " language difficulties " due to bias towards spoken language .
In the 1960s linguist William Stokoe created Stokoe notation specifically for ASL .
ASL-phabet , for example , tolerates some ambiguity , and unlike SignWriting would only be understood by a fluent signer .
This may include movement of the eyebrows , the cheeks , the nose , the head , the torso , and the eyes .
There is ongoing research into whether ASL has an analog of syllable s in spoken language .
It lacks the inflections of English , such as tense and number , and does not use articles such as " the " , but its spatial mode of expression has enabled it to develop an elaborate system of grammatical aspect that is absent from English .
This includes agreement with the subject , object , number , and reciprocity .
For example , a rabbit running downhill would use a classifier consisting of a bent V classifier handshape with a downhill-directed path .
There are also some other loan words which are fingerspelled , either very short English words or abbreviations of longer English words , e.g. O-N from English ' on ' , and A-P-T from English ' apartment ' .
In OSV sentences , the object is topicalized , marked by a forward head-tilt and a pause .
Applet as a standalone application Provided that an applet is hosted by an operating system , it can function as any other normal software application but performs only a small set of tasks .
To illustrate this method , AppletGuard was used to observe and control any applet in a browser successfully .
In French , Italian , Spanish and German , the genre of alternate history is called uchronie / ucronía , which has given rise to the term Uchronia in English .
According to Steven H Silver , alternate history requires three things : 1 ) the story must have a point of divergence from the history of our world prior to the time at which the author is writing , 2 ) a change that would alter history as it is known , and 3 ) an examination of the ramifications of that change .
Joanot Martorell 's 1490 epic romance Tirant lo Blanc , written when the loss of Constantinople to the Turks was still a recent and traumatic memory to Christian Europe , tells the story of the valiant knight Tirant The White from Brittany who gets to the embattled remnant of the Byzantine Empire , becomes a Megaduke and commander of its armies , and manages to fight off the invading Ottoman armies of Mehmet II , save the city from Islamic conquest , and even chase the Turks deeper into lands they had conquered before .
19th century One of the earliest works of alternate history published in large quantities for the reception of a popular audience may be the French Louis Geoffroy 's Histoire de la Monarchie universelle : Napoléon et la conquête du monde ( 1812 – 1832 ) ( History of the Universal Monarchy : Napoleon And The Conquest Of The World ) ( 1836 ) , which imagines Napoleon 's First French Empire victorious in the French invasion of Russia in 1811 and in an invasion of England in 1814 , later unifying the world under Bonaparte 's rule .
In the English language , the first known complete alternate history is Nathaniel Hawthorne 's short story " P. 's Correspondence " , published in 1845 .
The first novel-length alternate history in English would seem to be Castello Holford 's Aristopia ( 1895 ) .
Wells describes a multiverse of alternative worlds , complete with the paratime travel machines that would later become popular with U.S. pulp writers , but since his hero experiences only a single alternate world this story is not very different from conventional alternate history .
Time travel as a means of creating historical divergencesThe period around the second World War also saw the publication of the time travel novel Lest Darkness Fall by L. Sprague de Camp where an American academic travels to the Italy of the Ostrogoths at the time of the Byzantine invasion led by Belisarius .
A more recent example is Making History by Stephen Fry , in which a time machine is used to alter history so that Adolf Hitler was never born - which ironically results in a more competent Nazi leader who has none of Hitler 's faults or syphilis - induced mental illness , resulting in Nazi ascendancy in this altered timeline .
Also in the late 1940s and the 1950s , however , writers such as H. Beam Piper , Sam Merwin , Jr. and Andre Norton wrote thrillers set in a multiverse in which all alternate histories are co-existent and travel between them occurs via a technology involving portals and/or paratime capsules .
A writer 's fictional multiverse may , in fact , preclude some decisions as humanly impossible , as when , in Night Watch , Terry Pratchett depicts a character informing Vimes that while anything that can happen , has happened , nevertheless there is no history whatsoever in which Vimes has ever murdered his wife .
Many writers — perhaps the majority — avoid the discussion entirely .
In both science fiction and fantasy , whether a given parallel universe is an alternate history may not be clear .
The writer might allude to a POD only to explain the existence and make no use of the concept , or may present the universe without explanation to its existence .
Other stories by Turtledove include A Different Flesh , in which America was not colonized from Asia during the last ice age ; In the Presence of Mine Enemies , in which the Nazis won World War II ; and Ruled Britannia , in which the Spanish Armada succeeded in conquering Britain in the Elizabethan era , with William Shakespeare being given the task of writing the play that will motivate the Britons to rise up against their Spanish conquerors .
Fatherland ( 1992 ) by Robert Harris , is set in Europe following the Nazi victory .
Several writers have posited points of departure for such a world but then have injected time splitters from the future or paratime travel for instance James P. Hogan 's The Proteus Operation .
In Jo Walton 's " Small Change " series , the United Kingdom made peace with Hitler before the involvement of the United States in World War II , and fascism slowly strangled the UK .
Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and William R. Forstchen have written a novel , 1945 , in which the U.S. defeated Japan but not Germany in World War II , resulting in a Cold War with Germany rather than the Soviet Union .
A recent time traveling splitter variant involves entire communities being shifted elsewhere to become the unwitting creators of new time branches .
These communities are transported from the present ( or the near-future ) to the past or to another time-line via a natural disaster , the action of technologically advanced aliens , or a human experiment gone wrong .
A partly familiar European history for which the author provides a point of divergence is Randall Garrett 's " Lord Darcy " series : a monk systemizing magic rather than science , so the use of foxglove to treat heart disease is called superstition .
In Patricia Wrede 's Regency fantasies , Great Britain has a Royal Society of Wizards , and in Poul Anderson 's A Midsummer Tempest William Shakespeare is remembered as the Great Historian , with the novel itself taking place in the era of Oliver Cromwell and Charles I , with an alternate outcome for the English Civil War and an earlier Industrial Revolution .
An atomic orbital is a mathematical function that describes the wave-like behavior of either one electron or a pair of electrons in an atom .
However , this period was immediately superseded by the full three-dimensional wave mechanics of 1926 .
The new quantum mechanics did not give exact results , but only the probabilities for the occurrence of a variety of possible such results .
For atoms with two or more electrons , the governing equations can only be solved with the use of methods of iterative approximation .
In fact , it can be any positive integer , but for reasons discussed below , large numbers are seldom encountered .
Within a shell where is some integer , ranges across all ( integer ) values satisfying the relation 0 \ le \ ell \ le n_0-1 .
The above conventions imply a preferred axis ( for example , the z direction in Cartesian coordinates ) , and they also imply a preferred direction along this preferred axis .
Otherwise there would be no sense in distinguishing from .
The Stern – Gerlach experiment — where an atom is exposed to a magnetic field — provides one such example .
These real orbitals are the building blocks most commonly shown in orbital visualizations .
Although as the square of an absolute value is everywhere non-negative , the sign of the wave function is often indicated in each subregion of the orbital picture .
This article , in order to show wave function phases , shows mostly graphs .
For each there are two of these and .
There are only radial modes and the shape is spherically symmetric .
Generally speaking , the number determines the size and energy of the orbital for a given nucleus : as increases , the size of the orbital increases .
Also in general terms , determines an orbital 's shape , and its orientation .
For it is roughly a solid ball ( it is most dense at the center and fades exponentially outwardly ) , but for or more , each single s-orbital is composed of spherically symmetric surfaces which are nested shells ( i.e. , the " wave-structure " is radial , following a sinusoidal radial component as well ) .
For example , in all of the modes analogous to s orbitals ( the top row in the animated illustration below ) , it can be seen that the very center of the drum membrane vibrates most strongly , corresponding to the antinode in all s orbitals in an atom .
In a similar way , all s electrons have a finite probability of being found inside the nucleus , and this allows s electrons to occasionally participate in strictly nuclear-electron interaction processes , such as electron capture and internal conversion .
gif | Mode u _ ( 2s orbital ) Image : Drum vibration mode03 .
In addition , the drum modes analogous to p and d modes in an atom show spatial irregularity along the different radial directions from the center of the drum , whereas all of the modes analogous to s modes are perfectly symmetrical in radial direction .
p-type modes Image : Drum vibration mode11 .
In atoms with multiple electrons , the energy of an electron depends not only on the intrinsic properties of its orbital , but also on its interactions with the other electrons .
Thus , in atoms of higher atomic number , the \ ell of electrons becomes more and more of a determining factor in their energy , and the principal quantum numbers n of electrons becomes less and less important in their energy placement .
The energy sequence of the first 24 subshells ( e.g. , 1s , 2p , 3d , etc. ) is given in the following table .
Thus , two electrons may occupy a single orbital , so long as they have different values of .
It is possible for it to occupy any orbital so long as it does not violate the Pauli exclusion principle , but if lower-energy orbitals are available , this condition is unstable .
Element 137 is sometimes informally called feynmanium ( symbol Fy ) .
Now , what would happen if an electron in state 1 were to move to state 2 ?
This creates a line in the spectrum , known as an absorption line , which corresponds to the energy difference between states 1 and 2 .

The key elements of an amino acid are carbon , hydrogen , oxygen , and nitrogen , though other elements are found in the side-chains of certain amino acids .
Pyrollysine and selenocysteine are encoded via variant codons ; for example , selenocysteine is encoded by stop codon and SECIS element .
9 of the 20 standard amino acids are called " essential " for humans because they can not be created from other compounds by the human body , and so must be taken in as food .
In chemical terms , proline is , therefore , an imino acid , since it lacks a primary amino group , although it is still classed as an amino acid in the current biochemical nomenclature , and may also be called an " N-alkylated alpha-amino acid " .
In alternative fashion , the ( S ) and ( R ) designators are used to indicate the absolute stereochemistry .
At pH values lower than the pKa of the α-ammonium group ( mean for the 20 common α-amino acids is about 9.4 ) , the nitrogen is predominantly protonated as a positively charged α-ammonium group .
They join together to form short polymer chains called peptide s or longer chains called either polypeptides or protein s. These polymers are linear and unbranched , with each amino acid within the chain attached to two neighboring amino acids .
This UAG codon is followed by a PYLIS downstream sequence .
The oxidation pathway starts with the removal of the amino group by a transaminase , the amino group is then fed into the urea cycle .
Classification of Amino Acids Although there are many ways to classify amino acids , these molecules can be assorted into six main groups , on the basis of their structure and the general chemical characteristics of their R groups .
This compound is an analogue of tyrosine and can poison animals that graze on these plants .
The chelating ability of amino acids has been used in fertilizers for agriculture to facilitate the delivery of minerals to plants in order to correct mineral deficiencies , such as iron chlorosis .
This aminoacyl-tRNA is then a substrate for the ribosome , which catalyzes the attack of the amino group of the elongating protein chain on the ester bond .
While in plants , 1-aminocyclopropane-1-carboxylic acid is a small disubstituted cyclic amino acid that is a key intermediate in the production of the plant hormone ethylene .
This process involves transaminases , often the same as those used in amination during synthesis .
In 1948 Turing joined Max Newman 's Computing Laboratory at Manchester University , where he assisted in the development of the Manchester computers and became interested in mathematical biology .
Julius 's wife , Alan 's mother , was Ethel Sara ( née Stoney ; 1881 – 1976 ) , daughter of Edward Waller Stoney , chief engineer of the Madras Railways .
The Stoneys were a Protestant Anglo-Irish gentry family from both County Tipperary and County Longford , while Ethel herself had spent much of her childhood in County Clare .
The headmistress recognised his talent early on , as did many of his subsequent educators .
In 1928 , aged 16 , Turing encountered Albert Einstein 's work ; not only did he grasp it , but he extrapolated Einstein 's questioning of Newton 's laws of motion from a text in which this was never made explicit .
From September 1936 to July 1938 , he spent most of his time studying under Church at Princeton University .
In June 1938 , he obtained his PhD from Princeton ; his dissertation , Systems of Logic Based on Ordinals , introduced the concept of ordinal logic and the notion of relative computing , where Turing machines are augmented with so-called oracles , allowing a study of problems that can not be solved by a Turing machine .
That same night he also conceived of the idea of Banburismus , a sequential statistical technique ( what Abraham Wald later called sequential analysis ) to assist in breaking naval Enigma , " though I was not sure that it would work in practice , and was not in fact sure until some days had actually broken " .
His reaction to the American Bombe design was far from enthusiastic : It seems a pity for them to go out of their way to build a machine to do all this stopping if it is not necessary .
Alexander wrote as follows about his contribution : There should be no question in anyone 's mind that Turing 's work was the biggest factor in Hut 8 's success .
In the early days he was the only cryptographer who thought the problem worth tackling and not only was he primarily responsible for the main theoretical work within the Hut but he also shared with Welchman and Keen the chief credit for the invention of the Bombe .
Turingery In July 1942 , Turing devised a technique termed Turingery ( or jokingly Turingismus ) for use against the Lorenz cipher messages produced by the Germans ' new Geheimschreiber ( secret writer ) machine .
It was intended for different applications , lacking capability for use with long-distance radio transmissions , and in any case , Delilah was completed too late to be used during the war .
Participants were Womersley , Turing , Porter from England and a few German researchers like Zuse , Walther , and Billing .
He used reaction – diffusion equations which are central to the field of pattern formation .
The memorial statue , depicts the " father of Computer Science " sitting on a bench at a central position in the park .
On 26 July 2012 , a bill was introduced in the House of Lords to give a statutory pardon to Turing for offences under section 11 of the Criminal Law Amendment Act 1885 of which he was convicted on 31 March 1952 .
Late in the year in a letter to the Daily Telegraph , Stephen Hawking , the physicist , and 10 other signatories including Lord Rees , the Astronomer Royal , Sir Paul Nurse , President of the Royal Society and Lady Trumpington , who worked for Turing during the war , called on British Prime Minister David Cameron to act on the pardon request .
In February 2012 , the Royal Mail issued a stamp featuring Turing as part its " Britons of Distinction " series .
There are several well-known formula s for the areas of simple shapes such as triangle s , rectangle s , and circle s. Using these formulas , the area of any polygon can be found by dividing the polygon into triangles .
Units Every unit of length has a corresponding unit of area , namely the area of a square with the given side length .
Thus areas can be measured in square metre s ( m2 ) , square centimetres ( cm2 ) , square millimetres ( mm2 ) , square kilometre s ( km2 ) , square feet ( ft2 ) , square yard s ( yd2 ) , square mile s ( mi2 ) , and so forth .
If the triangle is moved to the other side of the trapezoid , then the resulting figure is a rectangle .
This argument is actually a simple application of the ideas of calculus .
The formula is : where is the radius of the sphere .
An equivalent definition is the radius of an unperturbed circular Newtonian orbit about the Sun of a particle having infinitesimal mass , moving with an angular frequency of radians per day ; or that length such that , when used to describe the positions of the objects in the Solar System , the heliocentric gravitational constant ( the product GM ☉ ) is equal to ( ) 2 AU3/d2 .
This value of the astronomical unit had to be obtained experimentally and so it was not known exactly .
Indeed , the International Committee for Weights and Measures ( CIPM ) notes that " its definition applies only within a spatial extent sufficiently small that the effects of the non-uniformity of the gravitational field can be ignored . "
As such , the meter is undefined for the purposes of measuring distances within the Solar System .
The invention of the telescope allowed far more accurate measurements of angles than is possible with the naked eye .
Although Huygens ' estimate is remarkably close to modern values , it is often discounted by historians of astronomy because of the many unproven ( and incorrect ) assumptions he had to make for his method to work ; the accuracy of his value seems to based more on luck than good measurement , with his various errors cancelling each other out .
A better method for observing Venus transits was devised by James Gregory and published in his Optica Promata ( 1663 ) .
Newcomb 's value for the solar parallax ( and for the constant of aberration and the Gaussian gravitational constant ) were incorporated into the first international system of astronomical constant s in 1896 , which remained in place for the calculation of ephemerides until 1964 .
Developments The unit distance A ( the value of the astronomical unit in meters ) can be expressed in terms of other astronomical constant s : where G is the Newtonian gravitational constant , M ☉ is the solar mass , k is the numerical value of Gaussian gravitational constant and D is the time period of one day .
The common usage in both everyday speech and academic discourse is a practitioner in the visual art s only .
The present day concept of an ' artist ' Artist is a descriptive term applied to a person who engages in an activity deemed to be an art .
Most often , the term describes those who create within a context of the fine arts or ' high culture ' , activities such as drawing , painting , sculpture , acting , dancing , writing , filmmaking , new media , photography , and music — people who use imagination , talent , or skill to create works that may be judged to have an aesthetic value .
Like Achilles in a later generation , he was trained by the centaur Chiron .
At this he fled deep into the woods , and doing so he came upon a pond and , seeing his reflection , groaned .
Names of the dogs who devoured Actaeon The following list is as given in Hyginus ' Fabulae .
The " bed of Actaeon " In the second century CE , the traveller Pausanias was shown a spring on the road in Attica leading to Plataea from Eleutherae , just beyond Megara " and a little farther on a rock .
In the 19th century the term Anglicanism was coined to describe the common religious tradition of these churches ; as also that of the Scottish Episcopal Church , which , though originating earlier within the Church of Scotland , had come to be recognised as sharing this common identity .
In British parliamentary legislation referring to the English Established Church , it is described as the " Protestant Episcopal Church " , thereby distinguishing it from the counterpart established " Protestant Presbyterian Church " in Scotland .
The various papers and declarations of successive Lambeth Conferences , have served to frame the continued Anglican debate on identity , especially as relating to the possibility of ecumenical discussion with other churches .
Theories In their rejection of absolute parliamentary authority , the Tractarians – and in particular John Henry Newman – looked back to the writings of 17th century Anglican divines , finding in these texts the idea of the English church as a via media between the Protestant and Catholic traditions .
The result has been a movement with a distinctive self-image among Christian movements .
At the same time , however , some Evangelical Anglicans ascribe to the Reformed emphasis on Sola fide in their doctrine of justification ( see Sydney Anglicanism . )
In terms of personal piety some Anglicans may recite the rosary and angelus , be involved in a devotional society dedicated to " Our Lady " ( the Blessed Virgin Mary ) and seek the intercession of the saints .
Both Anglo-Catholics and Evangelicals have been affected by this movement such that it is not uncommon to find typically charismatic postures , music , and other themes evident during the services of otherwise Anglo-Catholic or Evangelical parishes .
Book of Common Prayer The Book of Common Prayer ( BCP ) is the foundational prayer book of Anglicanism .
Traditionally the pattern was that laid out in the Book of Common Prayer .
Many Anglican churches will also have daily morning and evening prayer and some have midweek or even daily celebration of the Eucharist .
The sermon ( or homily ) is typically about ten to twenty minutes in length , though it may be much longer in Evangelical churches .
There are also set forms for intercessory prayer , though this is now more often extemporaneous .
In high and Anglo-Catholic churches there are generally prayers for the dead .
Eucharistic disciplineOnly baptised persons are eligible to receive communion , although in many churches communion is restricted to those who have not only been baptised but also confirmed .
In many Anglican provinces , however , all baptised Christians are now often invited to receive communion and some dioceses have regularised a system for admitting baptised young people to communion before they are confirmed .
The prayer offices have an important place in Anglican history .
The All Saints Sisters of the Poor , with convents in Catonsville , Maryland and elsewhere use an elaborated version of the Anglican Daily Office .
The Archbishop is , therefore , recognised as primus inter pares , or first amongst equals even though he does not exercise any direct authority in any province outside England , of which he is chief primate .
In the Church of England the position of archdeacon can only be held by someone in priestly orders who has been ordained for at least six years .
It is the prohibition against deacons pronouncing blessings that leads some to believe that deacons can not solemnise matrimony .
The most significant growth has been in the Melanesia n countries of the Solomon Islands , Vanuatu and Papua New Guinea .
The great Church of England missionary societies were founded ; for example the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge ( SPCK ) in 1698 .
Fresh expressions is a Church of England missionary initiative to youth begun in 2005 , and has ministries at a skate park through the efforts of St George 's Church , Benfleet , Essex – Diocese of Chelmsford – or youth groups with evocative names , like the C.L.A.W ( Christ Little Angels – Whatever ! )
youth group at Coventry Cathedral .
This , and related statements , reflect the deep thread of incarnational theology running through Anglican social thought – a theology which sees God , nature , and humanity in dynamic interaction , and the interpenetration of the secular and the sacred in the make-up of the cosmos .
For instance , in the 18th century the influential Evangelical Anglican William Wilberforce , along with others , campaigned against the slave trade .
The group rapidly gained popularity amongst Anglican intellectuals , including Vera Brittain , Evelyn Underhill and former British political leader George Lansbury .
Therefore , the Lambeth Council in the modern era has sought to provide a clearer position by repudiating modern war and developed a statement that has been affirmed at each subsequent meeting of the Council .
In more recent years it has led some jurisdictions to permit the ordination of people in same-sex relationships and to authorise rites for the blessing of same-sex unions ( see homosexuality and Anglicanism ) .
The lack of social consensus among and within provinces of diverse cultural traditions has resulted in considerable conflict and even schism concerning some or all of these developments ( see Anglican realignment ) .
Continuing Anglicanism The term Continuing Anglicanism refers to a number of church bodies which have formed outside of the Anglican Communion in the belief that traditional forms of Anglican faith , worship and order have been unacceptably revised or abandoned within some Anglican Communion churches in recent decades .
More recent changes in the North American churches of the Anglican Communion , such as the introduction of same-sex marriage rites and the ordination of gay and lesbian people to the priesthood and episcopate , have created further separations .
Since the late 1990s a number have appeared in smaller communities , often as a result of a division in the town 's existing Episcopal churches .
Athens is home to two UNESCO World Heritage Sites , the Acropolis of Athens and the medieval Daphni Monastery .
Athens was the host city of the first modern-day Olympic Games in 1896 , and 108 years later it welcomed home the 2004 Summer Olympics .
An etiological myth explaining how Athens acquired this name was well known among ancient Athenians and even became the theme of the sculpture on the West pediment of the Parthenon .
In 1458 it was conquered by the Ottoman Empire and entered a long period of decline .
Following the Greek War of Independence , Athens was chosen as the capital of the newly independent Greek state in 1834 , largely due to historical and sentimental reasons .
At the time it was a town of modest size built around the foot of the Acropolis .
In the 1980s it became evident that smog from factories and an ever increasing fleet of automobiles , as well as a lack of adequate free space due to congestion , had evolved into the city 's most important challenge .
In addition , the municipality of Athens is the capital of the Attica region .
The current mayor of Athens is Giorgos Kaminis .
A second Olympic complex , next to the sea at the beach of Kallithea ( Faliron ) , also features modern stadia , shops and an elevated esplanade .
Hiking and mountain-biking in all four mountains are popular outdoor activities for residents of the city .
The landmark Dionysiou Aeropagitou street has been pedestrianised , forming a scenic route .
The zoo is home to around 2000 animals representing 400 species , and is open 365 days a year .
Museums Athens ' most important museums include : Tourism Athens has been a destination for travellers since antiquity .
Sports Athens has a long tradition in sports and sporting events , serving as home to the most important clubs in Greek sport and housing a large number of sports facilities .
The 2004 Summer Olympics required the development of the Athens Olympic Stadium , which has since gained a reputation as one of the most beautiful stadia in the world , and one of its most interesting modern monuments .
In the final tie they beat the host nation Portugal 1:0 .
The second higher education institution in the city is the Athens Polytechnic School , found in Patission Street .
This was the location where on 17 November 1973 , more than 13 students were killed and hundreds injured inside the university during the Athens Polytechnic uprising , against the military junta that ruled the nation from 21 April 1967 until 23 July 1974 .
There are also several other private colleges , as they called formally in Greece , as the establishment of private universities is prohibited by the constitution .
Transport Athens is serviced by a variety of transportation means , forming the largest mass transit system of Greece .
Its network consists of about 300 bus lines which span the Athens Metropolitan Area , with an operating staff of 5,327 , and a fleet of 1,839 buses .
The Athens Metropolitan Railway system is managed by three companies ; namely ISAP ( line 1 ) , Attiko Metro ( lines 2 & 3 ) , while its commuter rail , the Proastiakós is considered as line 4 .
The service is sometimes considered the fourth line of the Athens Metro .
The Kallimarmaro is a replica of the ancient Athenian stadiums , and the only major stadium ( in its capacity of 60,000 ) to be made entirely of white marble from Mount Penteli , the same material used for construction of the Parthenon .
The games welcomed over 10,000 athletes from all 202 countries .
While traditional histories of the region assume that " the English " were the first settlers of Anguilla under British rule , recent scholarship focused on Anguilla offers a more nuanced view .
The territory 's constitution is Anguilla Constitutional Order 1 April 1982 ( amended 1990 ) .
The soil is generally thin and poor , supporting scrub tropical and forest vegetation .
Average annual temperature is 80 ° F ( 27 ° C ) .
The island is subject to both sudden tropical storms and hurricanes , which occur in the period from July to November .
“ For a small island we ’re very far ahead , ” said Beth Barry , Coordinator of the Anguilla Renewable Energy Office . "
We ’ve got an Energy Policy and a draft Climate Change policy and have been focussing efforts on the question of sustainable energy supply for several years now .
Road Aside from taxis , there is no public transport on the island .
Culture The Anguilla National Trust ( ANT ) was established in 1988 and opened its offices in 1993 charged with the responsibility of preserving the heritage of the island , including its cultural heritage .
Salt cod is a staple food eaten by itself and used in stews , casserole s and soup s. Livestock is limited due to the small size of the island , and people there utilize poultry , pork , goat and mutton , along with imported beef .
Among the agriculture produced in Anguilla includes tomato es , peppers , limes and other citrus fruit s , onion , garlic , squash , pigeon pea s and callalloo , a leaf green native to Africa .
Anguilla is the home of Omari Banks , who played for the West Indies Cricket Team , while Cardigan Connor played first-class cricket for English county side Hampshire and was ' chef de mission ' ( team manager ) for Anguilla 's Commonwealth Games team in 2002 .
Rugby union is represented in Anguilla by the Anguilla Eels RFC , who were formed in April 2006 .
See also References External links

( 2007 ) Radio Radio broadcast stations : AM 2 , FM 7 , shortwave 0 ( 2007 ) Radios : 3,000 ( 1997 ) Television Television broadcast stations : 1 ( 1997 ) Televisions : 1,000 ( 1997 ) Internet Internet country code : .
Cartier Island Marine Reserve includes the entire sand cay of Cartier Island , the reef surrounding it , the ocean for a radius around the island , and below the seafloor .
A number of things were done to discourage the practice such as attempting to have the people smugglers arrested in Indonesia ; the so-called Pacific Solution of processing them in third countries ; the boarding and forced turnaround of the boats by Australian military forces , and finally excising Ashmore and many other small islands from the Australian migration zone .
Assumption 1 : Newtonian fluidIn acoustics , the fluid medium is assumed to be Newtonian .
Proving Dufferin 's reflections on his character to be true , Mackenzie disliked intensely the patronage inherent in politics .
When an election was held at the conclusion of Mackenzie 's five-year term , the Conservatives were swept back into office in a landslide victory .
He died in Toronto and was buried in Lakeview Cemetery in Sarnia , Ontario .
The empire had Taxila , Ujjain and Pataliputra as its capital .
Ashoka regarded Buddhism as a doctrine that could serve as a cultural foundation for political unity . "
His name " " means " painless , without sorrow " in Sanskrit ( the a privativum and śoka " pain , distress " ) .
Biography Early life Ashoka was born to the Mauryan emperor Bindusara and a relatively lower ranked wife of his , Dharmā [ or Dhammā ] .
Some historians consider this as an indication of Bindusara 's conquest of the Deccan while others consider it as suppression of a revolt .
Bindusara 's death in 273 BCE led to a war over succession .
The Dipavansa and Mahavansa refer to Ashoka 's killing 99 of his brothers , sparing only one , named Tissa , although there is no clear proof about this incident ( many such accounts are saturated with mythological elements ) .
He submitted his ministers to a test of loyalty and had 500 of them killed .
Professor Charles Drekmeier cautions that the Buddhist legends intend to dramatise the change resulting from the Buddhist change , and therefore , exaggerate Ashoka 's past wickedness and his piousness after the conversion .
Mahindra and Sanghamitra were twins born by his first wife , Devi , in the city of Ujjain .
In his old age , he seems to have come under the spell of his youngest wife Tishyaraksha .
He condemned Tishyaraksha to death , restoring Kunala to the court .
The reign of Ashoka Maurya might have disappeared into history as the ages passed by , had he not left behind records of his reign .
In the year 185 BCE , about fifty years after Ashoka 's death , the last Maurya ruler , Brhadratha , was assassinated by the commander-in-chief of the Mauryan armed forces , Pusyamitra Sunga , while he was taking the Guard of Honor of his forces .
Edicts of Ashoka - The Edicts of Ashoka are a collection of 33 inscriptions on the Pillars of Ashoka , as well as boulders and cave walls , made by Ashoka during his reign .
As it often refers to the royal dynasties of India , the Mahavamsa is also valuable for historians who wish to date and relate contemporary royal dynasties in the Indian subcontinent .
The chronicle is believe to be compiled from Atthakatha and other sources around the 3rd or 4th century .
Some scholars have tended to question this assessment .
However , there is strong evidence in the edicts alone that he was a Buddhist .
Finally , the ideals he promotes correspond to the first three steps of the Buddha 's graduated discourse .
It is difficult to determine whether or not some actual events ever happened , but the stone etchings clearly depict how Ashoka wanted to be thought of and remembered .
Ashoka also invited Buddhists and non-Buddhists for religious conferences .
Ashoka helped to construct Sanchi and Mahabodhi Temple .
As his reign continued his even-handedness was replaced with special inclination towards Buddhism .
In his edicts , Ashoka mentions some of the people living in Hellenic countries as converts to Buddhism , although no Hellenic historical record of this event remain : It is not too farfetched to imagine , however , that Ashoka received letters from Greek rulers and was acquainted with the Hellenistic royal orders in the same way as he perhaps knew of the inscriptions of the Achaemenid kings , given the presence of ambassadors of Hellenistic kings in India ( as well as the dütas sent by Ashoka himself ) .
He also abolished the royal hunting of animals and restricted the slaying of animals for food in the royal residence .
Ashoka Chakra The Ashoka Chakra ( the wheel of Ashoka ) is a depiction of the Dharmachakra ( see Dharmacakra ) or Dhammachakka in Pali , the Wheel of Dharma ( Sanskrit : Chakra means wheel ) .
A flag with three colours , Saffron , White and Green with the Ashoka Chakra was selected .
Originally , there must have been many pillars of Ashoka although only ten with inscriptions still survive .
The wheel represents the sun time and Buddhist law , while the swastika stands for the cosmic dance around a fixed center and guards against evil .
The capital contains four lions ( Indian / Asiatic Lions ) , standing back to back , mounted on an abacus , with a frieze carrying sculptures in high relief of an elephant , a galloping horse , a bull , and a lion , separated by intervening spoked chariot-wheels over a bell-shaped lotus .
The Sarnath pillar bears one of the Edicts of Ashoka , an inscription against division within the Buddhist community , which reads , " No one shall cause division in the order of monks . "
Besides the religious interpretations , there are some non-religious interpretations also about the symbolism of the Ashoka capital pillar at Sarnath .
When used with a grammatical qualifier , the adjective American can mean " of or relating to the Americas " , as in Latin America n or Indigenous American .
Chinese has in which the first element sounds like the accented second syllable in " America " ( and the second element means " nation " ) .
In the following century the term was extended to European settlers and their descendants in the Americas .
The plural is set in the idiom " these United States " .
The term did not apply to residents of the colonies of New Brunswick , Nova Scotia , Prince Edward Island or Newfoundland .
The term currently used by the Portuguese press is norte-americano .
Use of the three terms is common in schools , government and media .
The Getting Through Customs website advises business travellers not to use " in America " as a U.S. reference when conducting business in Brazil .
The word " American " appears in the name of the U.S. territory of American Samoa .
It also may be applied to any resident or citizen of nations in North or South America " .
American in international law At least one international law uses " U.S. citizen " in defining a citizen of the United States rather than American citizen such as this excerpt from the North American Free Trade Agreement : Many other international treaties use the term American and American citizen .
American in U.S. commercial regulation Products that are labelled , advertised , and marketed in the U.S. as " American Made " must be " all or virtually all made in the U.S. " The Federal Trade Commission , to prevent deception of customers and unfair competition , considers an unqualified claim of " American Made " to expressly claim exclusive manufacture in the U.S. " The FTC Act gives the Commission the power to bring law enforcement actions against false or misleading claims that a product is of U.S. origin . "
U.S. national in other languages English , French , German , Italian , Japanese , Hebrew , Arabic , Portuguese , and Russian speakers may use the term American to refer to either inhabitants of the Americas or to U.S. nationals .
Throughout Latin America the word Gringo is also used for any foreigner from the United States , Canada , or Europe , however the true sense of the word is any foreigner .
In other languages , however , there is no possibility for confusion .
Similar words are found in Korean and Vietnamese .
Ada was named after Ada Lovelace ( 1815 – 1852 ) , who is credited as being the first computer programmer .
A large number of compile-time checks are supported to help avoid bugs that would not be detectable until run-time in some other languages or would require explicit checks to be added to the source code .
The adherence to strong typing allows detection of many common software errors ( wrong parameters , range violations , invalid references , mismatched types , etc. ) either during compile-time , or otherwise during run-time .
These checks can be disabled in the interest of runtime efficiency , but can often be compiled efficiently .
Examples of systems where Ada is used include avionics , railways , banking , military and space technology .
Comments stop at end of line , so there is no danger of unclosed comments accidentally voiding whole sections of source code .
Many existing languages were formally reviewed , but the team concluded in 1977 that no existing language met the specifications .
Ada attracted much attention from the programming community as a whole during its early days .
Its backers and others predicted that it might become a dominant language for general purpose programming and not just defense-related work .
For example , the fly-by-wire system software in the Boeing 777 was written in Ada .
Presently , the GNAT Compiler is part of the GNU Compiler Collection .
Ada supports numerical types defined by a range , modulo types , aggregate types ( records and arrays ) , and enumeration types .
For example a date might be represented as : type Day_type is range 1 . .
Friday ; -- Days to work Work_Load : constant array ( Working_Day ) of Working_Hours -- implicit type declaration : = ( Friday = > 6 , Monday = > 4 , others = > 10 ) ; -- lookup table for working hours with initialization Types can have modifiers such as limited , abstract , private etc. .
Private types can only be accessed and limited types can only be modified or copied within the scope of the package that defines them .
Text_IO .
adb ) with Ada .
Text_IO .
Books Archives External links

Aráu has made many appearances as a character actor in American and TV series and plays .
The movie , which is influenced by Nikolai Gogol 's The Government Inspector , centers around two Mexicans who are mistaken for government inspectors from Mexico City by the corrupt mayor of a small town .
In January 2011 , he starred in Chad , Matt & Rob 's " The Treasure Hunt : An Interactive Adventure . "
Alfonso Cuarón Orozco ( ; born 28 November 1961 ) is a Mexican film director , screenwriter , producer and editor , best known for his films A Little Princess ( 1995 ) , Y Tu Mamá También ( 2001 ) , Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban ( 2004 ) , and Children of Men ( 2006 ) .
[[1252]]
Arianism is the theological teaching attributed to Arius ( ca .
Arians taught that the pre-incarnate Jesus was a divine being created by ( and therefore inferior to ) God the Father at some point , before which the Son did not exist .
Obviously then , a change in Jesus 's nature has occurred .
But , by the end of the 4th century , Trinitarianism prevailed in the Roman Empire .
Trinitarianism remained the dominant doctrine in all major branches of the Eastern and Western Church and later within Protestantism until modern times .
The focus of the Council of Nicaea was the divinity of Christ ( see Paul of Samosata and the Synods of Antioch ) .
Jesus was God in essence , being and or nature ( ousia ) , which the Latin fathers translated as substantia .
At the First Synod of Tyre in AD 335 , they brought accusations against Athanasius , bishop of Alexandria , the primary opponent of Arius ; after this , Constantine had Athanasius banished , since he considered him an impediment to reconciliation .
Both the man and his teaching , including the term homoousios , had been condemned by the Synods of Antioch in 269 .
Constantius wavered in his support between the first and the second party , while harshly persecuting the third .
None of these attempts were acceptable to the defenders of Nicene orthodoxy : writing about the latter councils , Saint Jerome remarked that the world " awoke with a groan to find itself Arian . "
This is generally considered the end of the dispute about the Trinity and the end of Arianism among the Roman , non-Germanic peoples .
Early medieval Germanic kingdoms However , during the time of Arianism 's flowering in Constantinople , the Gothic convert Ulfilas ( later the subject of the letter of Auxentius cited above ) was sent as a missionary to the Gothic barbarians across the Danube , a mission favored for political reasons by emperor Constantius II .
The Franks and the Anglo-Saxons were unique among the Germanic peoples in that they entered the empire as pagans and converted to Nicene ( Catholic ) Christianity directly , guided by their kings , Clovis and Æthelberht of Kent .
Even in Athanasius ’ Orations against the Arians , Arius hardly emerges consistently as the creative individual originator of the heresy that bears his name , even though it would have greatly strengthened Athanasius ’ case to present him in that light .
The epithet " Arian " was also applied to the early Unitarians such as John Biddle though in denial of the pre-existence of Christ they were again largely Socinians not Arians .
To quote the Encyclopædia Britannicas article on Arianism : " In modern times some Unitarians are virtually Arians in that they are unwilling either to reduce Christ to a mere human being or to attribute to him a divine nature identical with that of the Father . "
However , their doctrines can not be considered representative of traditional Arian doctrines or vice-versa .
In honor of her memory , he asked the Senate to deify her as a goddess , and authorised the construction of a temple to be built in the Roman Forum in her name , with priestesses serving in her temple .
Nevertheless , Antoninus was virtually unique among emperors in that he dealt with these crises without leaving Italy once during his reign , but instead dealt with provincial matters of war and peace through their governors or through imperial letters to the cities such as Ephesus ( of which some were publicly displayed ) .
Nevertheless , it still contains information that is considered reasonably sound – for instance , it is the only source that mentions the erection of the Antonine Wall in Britain .

AES is included in the ISO/IEC 18033-3 standard .
Similarly , the third and fourth rows are shifted by offsets of two and three respectively .
For blocks of sizes 128 bits and 192 bits , the shifting pattern is the same .
( Rijndael variants with a larger block size have slightly different offsets ) .
The importance of this step is to make columns not linear independent If so , AES becomes four independent block ciphers .
After shifting , a conditional xor with 0x11B should be performed if the shifted value is larger than 0xFF .
This process is described further in the article Rijndael mix columns .
For each round , a subkey is derived from the main key using Rijndael 's key schedule ; each subkey is the same size as the state .
It works on the 8-round version of AES-128 , with a time complexity of 248 , and a memory complexity of 232 .
The use of cryptographic modules validated to NIST FIPS 140-2 is required by the United States Government for encryption of all data that has a classification of Sensitive but Unclassified ( SBU ) or above .
Instead , FIPS 197 validation is typically just listed as an " FIPS approved : AES " notation ( with a specific FIPS 197 certificate number ) in the current list of FIPS 140 validated cryptographic modules .
FIPS 140-2 validation is challenging to achieve both technically and fiscally .
After validation , modules must be re-submitted and re-evaluated if they are changed in any way .
This can vary from simple paperwork updates if the security functionality did not change to a more substantial set of re-testing if the security functionality was impacted by the change .


[[1264]]
Fields of interest Computer graphics In the field of computer graphics , an anisotropic surface will change in appearance as it is rotated about its geometric normal , as is the case with velvet .
Anisotropic filtering ( AF ) is a method of enhancing the image quality of textures on surfaces that are far away and steeply angled with respect to the point of view .
In this context , anisotropic systems refer to the electron distribution of molecules with abnormally high electron density , like the pi system of benzene .
It is more common for heat conduction to be anisotropic , which implies that detailed geometric modeling of typically diverse materials being thermally managed is required .
Geological formations with distinct layers of sedimentary material can exhibit electrical anisotropy ; electrical conductivity in one direction ( e.g. parallel to a layer ) , is different from that in another ( e.g. perpendicular to a layer ) .
Sand-bearing hydrocarbon assets have high resistivity ( low conductivity ) , whereas shales have lower resistivity .
For example , uranium-238 decaying through α-particle emission to form thorium-234 can be expressed as : Because an alpha particle is the same as the nucleus of a helium-4 atom - consisting of two proton s and two neutrons and thus having mass number 4 and atomic number 2 - this can also be written as : Notice how , on either side of the nuclear equation , both the mass number and the atomic number are conserved : the mass number is 238 on the right side and ( 234 + 4 ) on the left side , and the atomic number is 92 on the right side and ( 90 + 2 ) on the left side .
History Alpha particles were first described in the investigations of radioactivity by Ernest Rutherford in 1899 , and by 1907 they were identified as He2 + ions .
Alpha decay can provide a safe power source for radioisotope thermoelectric generator s used for space probe s and artificial heart pacemakers .
Alpha decay is much more easily shielded against than other forms of radioactive decay .
The total energy of the recoil nucleus is readily calculable , and is roughly the weight of the alpha ( 4 u ) divided by the weight of the parent ( typically about 200 u ) times the total energy of the alpha .
The largest natural contributor to public radiation dose is radon , a naturally occurring , radioactive gas found in soil and rock .

2 .
3 .
However , despite the major policy reforms initiated by many least developed countries to carry out a structural transformation of their domestic economies , and the supportive measures taken by a number of donors in the areas of aid , debt and trade , the economic situation of these countries as a whole worsened in the 1980s .
Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries Brussels , 14 – 20 May 2001In 1971 , the international community recognized the existence of a category of countries whose distinctness lies not only in the profound poverty of their people but also in the weakness of their economic , institutional and human resources , often compounded by geophysical handicaps .
The Fourth United Nations Conference on Least Developed Countries Istanbul , Turkey , in May 2011The United Nations General Assembly , in its resolutions 63/227 and 64/213 decided to convene the Fourth UN Conference on the LDCs , in Istanbul , Turkey , in May 2011 for a duration of five days .
The preparations for the Conference provided an opportunity for in-depth reflection on the continued vulnerabilities faced by the LDCs .
Furthermore , emerging economies have increased their share in global trade , foreign direct investment flows and migration and the LDCs have established increasingly significant economic relations with them .
Related organizations UN 1 .
But WFP also works to help prevent hunger in the future .
World Vision World Vision is a Christian humanitarian organization dedicated to working with children , families , and their communities worldwide to reach their full potential by tackling the causes of poverty and injustice .
It employed ordinary base-10 fixed-point arithmetic .
An arithmetical unit ( the " mill " ) would be able to perform all four arithmetic operations , plus comparisons and optionally square root s. Initially it was conceived as a difference engine curved back upon itself , in a generally circular layout , with the long store exiting off to one side .
In 1842 , the Italian mathematician Luigi Menabrea , whom Babbage had met while travelling in Italy , wrote a description of the engine in French .
In recognition of her additions to Menabrea 's paper , which included a way to calculate Bernoulli number s using the machine , she has been described as the first computer programmer .
This machine was built using materials and engineering tolerance s that would have been available to Babbage , quelling the suggestion that Babbage 's designs could not have been produced using the manufacturing technology of his time .
In October 2010 , John Graham-Cumming started a campaign to raise funds by " public subscription " to enable serious historical and academic study of Babbage 's plans , with a view to then build and test a fully working virtual design which will then in turn enable construction of the physical Analytical Engine .
In 2013 the project is underway at Instruction set Babbage is not known to have written down an explicit set of instructions for the engine in the manner of a modern processor manual .
There would be no mechanical or microprogramming difficulty in placing the direction of motion under the control of the user ' From ( Bromley , A.G. Babbage 's Analytical Engine Plans 28 and 28a .
Comparison to other early computers If the Analytical Engine had been built , it would have been digital , programmable and Turing-complete .

Together with Mark Antony and Marcus Lepidus , he formed the Second Triumvirate to defeat the assassins of Caesar .
Due to the crowded nature of Rome at the time , Octavius was taken to his father 's home village at Velletri to be raised .
In 52 or 51 BC , Julia Caesaris died .
After a warm welcome by Caesar 's soldiers at Brundisium , Octavian demanded a portion of the funds that were allotted by Caesar for the intended war against Parthia in the Middle East .
A later senatorial investigation into the disappearance of the public funds made no action against Octavian , since he subsequently used that money to raise troops against the Senate 's arch enemy , Mark Antony .
This was due to his " inflammatory " eulogy given at Caesar 's funeral , mounting public opinion against the assassins .
Second Triumvirate ProscriptionsIn a meeting near Bologna in October 43 BC , Octavian , Antony , and Lepidus formed a junta called the Second Triumvirate .
Contemporary Roman historians provide conflicting reports as to which triumvir was more responsible for the proscriptions and killing , however , the sources agree that enacting the proscriptions was a means by all three factions to eliminate political enemies .
This claim was rejected by Appian , who maintained that Octavian shared an equal interest with Lepidus and Antony in eradicating his enemies .
After two battles at Philippi in Macedonia in October 42 , the Caesarian army was victorious and Brutus and Cassius committed suicide .
Octavian showed no mercy , however , for the mass of allies loyal to Lucius ; on 15 March , the anniversary of Julius Caesar 's assassination , he had 300 Roman senators and equestrians executed for allying with Lucius .
Octavian succeeded in a temporary alliance when in 40 BC he married Scribonia , a daughter of Lucius Scribonius Libo who was a follower of Pompeius as well as his father-in-law .
In supporting Octavian , Antony expected to gain support for his own campaign against Parthia , desiring to avenge Rome 's defeat at Carrhae in 53 BC .
Lepidus ' troops deserted him , however , and defected to Octavian since they were weary of fighting and found Octavian 's promises of money to be enticing .
War with Antony Meanwhile , Antony 's campaign against Parthia turned disastrous , tarnishing his image as a leader , and the mere 2,000 legionaries sent by Octavian to Antony were hardly enough to replenish his forces .
On the other hand , Cleopatra could restore his army to full strength , and since he already was engaged in a romantic affair with her , he decided to send Octavia back to Rome .
Trapped on land and sea , deserters of Antony 's army fled to Octavian 's side daily while Octavian 's forces were comfortable enough to make preparations .
It was there that Antony 's fleet faced the much larger fleet of smaller , more maneuverable ships under commanders Agrippa and Gaius Sosius in the battle of Actium on 2 September 31 BC .
Antony and his remaining forces were spared only due to a last-ditch effort by Cleopatra 's fleet that had been waiting nearby .
First settlement In 27 BC , Octavian made a show of returning full power to the Roman Senate and relinquishing his control of the Roman provinces and their armies .
The careers of many clients and adherents depended on his patronage , as his financial power in the Roman Republic was unrivaled .
Augustus was granted the right to hang the corona civica , the " civic crown " made from oak , above his door and have laurels drape his doorposts .
If he refused to symbolize his power by donning and bearing these items on his person , the Senate nonetheless awarded him with a golden shield displayed in the meeting hall of the Curia , bearing the inscription virtus , pietas , clementia , iustitia — " valor , piety , clemency , and justice . "
Second settlement By 23 BC , some of the implications of the settlement of 27 BC were becoming apparent .
Although Primus was found guilty , some jurors voted to acquit , meaning that not everybody believed Augustus 's testimony .
The impulse for expansionism , apparently prominent among all classes at Rome , is accorded divine sanction by Virgil 's Jupiter , who in Book 1 of the Aeneid promises Rome imperium sine fine , " sovereignty without limit " .
When the rebellious tribes of Cantabria in modern-day Spain were finally quelled in 19 BC , the territory fell under the provinces of Hispania and Lusitania .
To protect Rome 's eastern territories from the Parthian Empire , Augustus relied on the client state s of the east to act as territorial buffers and areas which could raise their own troops for defense .
Before the final fight with Antony , Octavian 's campaigns against the tribes in Dalmatia was the first step in expanding Roman dominions to the Danube .
If someone was to succeed his unofficial position of power , they were going to have to earn it through their own publicly proven merits .
Shortly after the Second Settlement , Agrippa was granted a five-year term of administering the eastern half of the Empire with the imperium of a proconsul and the same tribunicia potestas granted to Augustus ( although not trumping Augustus ' authority ) , his seat of governance stationed at Samos in the eastern Aegean .
Although no specific reason is known for his departure , it could have been a combination of reasons , including a failing marriage with Julia , as well as a sense of envy and exclusion over Augustus ' apparent favouring of his young grandchildren-turned-sons , Gaius and Lucius , who joined the college of priests at an early age , were presented to spectators in a more favorable light , and were introduced to the army in Gaul .
Tiberius and his son Drusus delivered the eulogy while standing atop two rostra .
The historian D.C.A. Shotter states that Augustus ' policy of favoring the Julian family line over the Claudian might have afforded Tiberius sufficient cause to show open disdain for Augustus after the latter 's death ; instead , Tiberius was always quick to rebuke those who criticized Augustus .
However , historians are able to analyze existing letters penned by Augustus to others for additional facts or clues about his personal life .
Besides the advent of swifter communication amongst Italian polities , his extensive building of roads throughout Italy also allowed Rome 's armies to march swiftly and at an unprecedented pace across the country .
Although the most powerful individual in the Roman Empire , Augustus wished to embody the spirit of Republican virtue and norms .
He achieved this through various means of generosity and a cutting back of lavish excess .
The longevity of Augustus ' reign and its legacy to the Roman world should not be overlooked as a key factor in its success .
The attrition of the civil wars on the old Republican oligarchy and the longevity of Augustus , therefore , must be seen as major contributing factors in the transformation of the Roman state into a de facto monarchy in these years .
In his Memoirs of the Court of Augustus , the Scottish scholar Thomas Blackwell ( 1701 – 1757 ) deemed Augustus a Machiavellian ruler , " a bloodthirsty vindicative usurper " , " wicked and worthless " , " a mean spirit " , and a " tyrant " .
Lack of effective supervision , combined with tax farmers ' desire to maximize their profits , had produced a system of arbitrary exactions that was often barbarously cruel to taxpayers , widely ( and accurately ) perceived as unfair , and very harmful to investment and the economy .
His complexion was between dark and fair .
The early images did indeed depict a young man , but although there were gradual changes his images remained youthful until he died in his seventies , by which time they had " a distanced air of ageless majesty " .
, 125 ° 48 ' W. ) , a volcanic caldera .
Winds continuously blow snow on the roads .
They arrived at the South Pole on the 12th of December 2005 .
Most coastal stations have offshore anchorages , and supplies are transferred from ship to shore by small boats , barges , and helicopters .
All ships at port are subject to inspection in accordance with Article 7 , Antarctic Treaty .
Helicopter pads are available at 27 stations ; runways at 15 locations are gravel , sea-ice , blue-ice , or compacted snow suitable for landing wheeled , fixed-wing aircraft ; of these , 1 is greater than 3 km in length , 6 are between 2 km and 3 km in length , 3 are between 1 km and 2 km in length , 3 are less than 1 km in length , and 2 are of unknown length ; snow surface skiways , limited to use by ski - equipped , fixed-wing aircraft , are available at another 15 locations ; of these , 4 are greater than 3 km in length , 3 are between 2 km and 3 km in length , 2 are between 1 km and 2 km in length , 2 are less than 1 km in length , and data is unavailable for the remaining 4 .

It is 30th in size and borders four U.S. state s : Mississippi , Tennessee , Georgia , and Florida .
Adjoining the Cumberland Plateau region on the southeast is the Appalachian Valley ( locally known as Coosa Valley ) region , which is the southern extremity of the Appalachian Mountains , and occupies an area within the state of about .
Southeast of the Appalachian Valley region , the Piedmont Plateau also crosses the Alabama border from the N.E. and occupies a small triangular-shaped section of which Randolph and Clay counties , together with the northern part of Tallapoosa and Chambers , form the principal portion .
However , the Mobile River system has a high incidence of endemism among freshwater mollusks and biodiversity is high .
In the Gulf Region of the state grow various species of palmetto and palm .
Coypu and Nine-banded Armadillo have been introduced to the state and now also common .
Hail storms occur occasionally in the spring and summer , but are seldom destructive .
Heavy fog s are rare , and are confined chiefly to the coast .
The governor is also the commander-in-chief of the state 's military forces .
Five people have served as acting governor , bringing the total number of people serving as governor to 58 , spread over 63 distinct terms .
The first Alabama Constitution , ratified in 1819 , provided that a governor be elected every two years , limited to serve no more than four out of every six years .
All but three were elected to the U.S. Congress , although one of those represented only Georgia .
All representatives and senators listed represented Alabama except where noted .

The term apocrypha is used with various meanings , including " hidden " , " esoteric " , " spurious " , " of questionable authenticity " , ancient Chinese " revealed texts and objects " and " Christian texts that are not canonical " .
The word is originally Greek ( ) and means " those hidden away " .
In Protestantism the gnostic writings are generally not accorded any status , not even a negative one : they are ignored , as they are incompatible with the accepted canon prima facie .
Given that different denominations have different beliefs about what constitutes canonical scripture , there are several versions of the apocrypha .
Renowned Sinologist Anna Seidel refers to texts and even items produced by ancient Chinese sages as apocryphal and studied their uses during Six Dynasties China ( 220 to 589 AD ) .
Examples of these include talismans , charts , writs , tallies , and registers .
Origen , in Commentaries on Matthew , distinguishes between writings which were read by the churches and apocryphal writings : ( writing not found on the common and published books in one hand , actually found on the secret ones on the other ) .
They were referred to as " ecclesiastical " works by Rufinus .
The respect accorded to apocryphal books varied between Protestant denominations .
In this broader metaphorical sense , the word suggests a claim that is in the nature of folklore , factoid or urban legend .
It is because of this politicized recording of their history that it is difficult to retrace the exact origins of these objects .
It is from this class of nobles that the first Taoist priests are believed to have emerged .
Seidel points out however that the scarcity of sources relating to the formation of early Taoism make the exact link between the apocryphal texts and the Taoist beliefs unclear .
Buddhism Apocryphal Jatakas of the Pali Buddhist canon , such as those belonging to the Paññāsajātaka collection , have been adapted to fit local culture in certain South East Asia n countries and have been retold with amendments to the plots to better reflect Buddhist morals .
Within the Pali tradition , the apocryphal Jatakas of later composition ( some dated even to the 19th century ) are treated as a separate category of literature from the " Official " Jataka stories that have been more-or-less formally canonized from at least the 5th century — as attested to in ample epigraphic and archaeological evidence , such as extant illustrations in bas relief from ancient temple walls .

The treaty was the first arms control agreement established during the Cold War .
Other agreements Other agreements — some 200 recommendations adopted at treaty consultative meetings and ratified by governments — include : Meetings The Antarctic Treaty System 's yearly Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meetings ( ATCM ) are the international forum for the administration and management of the region .
Jan Huber ( Netherlands ) served as the first Executive Secretary for five years until August 31 , 2009 .
Argentina According to Argentine regulations , any crime committed within 50 kilometers of any Argentine base is to be judged in Ushuaia ( as capital of Tierra del Fuego , Antarctica , and South Atlantic Islands ) .
South Africa South African law applies to all South African citizens in Antarctica , and they are subject to the jurisdiction of the magistrate 's court in Cape Town .
Alfred William Lawson ( March 24 , 1869 – November 29 , 1954 ) was a professional baseball player , manager and league promoter from 1887 through 1916 and went on to play a pioneering role in the US aircraft industry , publishing two early aviation trade journals .
There he secured a contract and built the Lawson MT-2 .
He also designed the steel fuselage Lawson Armored Battler , that never got beyond the drafting board given doubts within the Army aviation community and the signing of the armistice .
He secured financial backing and in 5 months he had built and demonstrated in flight his biplane airliner , the 18 passenger Lawson L-2 .
The publicity allowed him to secure an additional $ 1 million to build the 26-passenger Midnight Liner .
While Ames is the largest city in Story County , the county seat is in the nearby city of Nevada east of Ames .
ISU is the nation 's first designated land-grant university , and the birthplace of the Atanasoff – Berry Computer , the world 's first electronic digital computer .
Ames has the headquarters for the Iowa Department of Transportation .
Campustown is a high-density mixed-use neighborhood that is home to many student apartments , nightlife venues , restaurants , and numerous other establishments , most of which are unique to Ames .
The racial makeup of the city was 84.5 % White , 3.4 % African American , 0.2 % Native American , 8.8 % Asian , 1.1 % from other races , and 2.0 % from two or more races .
The gender makeup of the city was 53.0 % male and 47.0 % female .
In the city , the population was spread out with 14.6 % under the age of 18 , 40.0 % from 18 to 24 , 23.7 % from 25 to 44 , 13.9 % from 45 to 64 , and 7.7 % who were 65 years of age or older .
The per capita income for the city was $ 18,881 .
Education : Ames High School : Grades 9 – 12 : : Iowa State University The Iowa State University of Science and Technology , more commonly known as Iowa State University ( ISU ) , is a public land-grant and space-grant research university located in Ames .
Train noise had been a problem in the residential areas to the west and northwest of downtown .
Ames has a municipal airport located southeast of the city .
The current ( and only ) FBO is Hap 's Air Service , a company which has been based at the airport since 1975 .
Health care Ames is served by Mary Greeley Medical Center , a 220-bed regional referral hospital which is adjacent to McFarland Clinic PC , central Iowa 's largest physician-owned multi-specialty clinic , and also Iowa Heart Center .
During every August in which the Republican presidential nomination is undecided ( meaning there is no incumbent Republican president — as in , most recently , 2011 , 2007 , 1999 , 1995 and 1987 ) , the town plays host to the Ames Straw Poll , which gauges support for the various Republican candidates amongst attendees of a fundraising dinner benefiting the Iowa Republican Party .
There are four to ten of these holes , depending on the species .
The side-lobes are fimbriated and cirrated .
Sizes vary from 20 mm ( Haliotis pulcherrima ) to 200 mm ( or even more ) ( Haliotis rufescens ) .
The dust created through the grinding and cutting of abalone shell is dangerous ; appropriate safeguards must be taken to protect people from inhaling these particles .
The meat of this mollusk is considered a delicacy in certain parts of Latin America ( especially Chile ) , France , New Zealand , Southeast Asia , and East Asia ( especially in China , Japan , and Korea ) .
Around 12,500 Tasmanians recreationally fish for blacklip and greenlip abalone .
For blacklip abalone , the size limit varies from between 138 mm for the southern end of the state and 127 mm for the northern end of the state .
Scuba diving for abalone is allowed , and has a rich history in Australia .
Divers measure each abalone before removing from the reef and each and every piece is re-measured by the deckhand as well as removing excess weed growth from the shell .
Only red abalone may be taken ; black , white , pink , and flat abalone are protected by law .
An abalone diver is normally equipped with a thick wetsuit , including a hood , booties , and gloves , and usually also a mask , snorkel , weight belt , abalone iron , and abalone gauge .
Alternatively , the rock picker can feel underneath rocks at low tides for abalone .
The largest abalone recorded in California is 12.34 inches , caught by John Pepper somewhere off the coast of San Mateo county in September 1993 .
Haliotis iris ( or blackfoot pāua ) is the ubiquitous New Zealand pāua ; the highly polished nacre of which is extremely popular as souvenirs with its striking blue , green , and purple iridescence .
For the last few years , however , no permits have been issued for collecting abalone ( perlemoen ) , but commercial harvesting still continues as does illegal collection by syndicates .
In 2007 , because of widespread poaching of abalone , the South African government listed perlemoen as an endangered species according to the CITES section III appendix , which requests member governments to monitor the trade in this species .
This has led to a dramatic depletion in numbers since the latter half of the 19th century , and ' ormering ' is now strictly regulated in order to preserve stocks .
Any breach of these laws is a criminal offence and can lead to fine of up to £ 5,000 or six months in prison .
The demand for ormers is such that they led to the world 's first underwater arrest , when Mr. Kempthorne-Leigh of Guernsey was arrested by a police officer in full diving gear when illegally diving for ormers .
File : AbaloneMeat .
jpg | Abalones with asparagus File : Cantoneseabalone .
[[1301]]
Unlike the abbot , the abbess receives only the ring and a copy of the rule of the order .
They receive the vows of the nuns of the abbey ; they may admit candidates to their order 's novitiate ; they may send them to study ; and they may send them to do pastoral and/or missionary work and/or assist — to the extent allowed by canon and civil law — in the administration and ministry of a parish or diocese ( these activities could be inside or outside the community 's territory ) .

Types The most common abdominal surgeries are described below .
Abensberg asparagus enjoys a reputation among connoisseurs as a particular delicacy .
This collection and the collection of the Heimatverein ( local history society ) were united in 1963 into the Aventinus Museum , in the cloister of the former Carmelite monastery .
jpg | Town Centre with Rathaus ( town hall ) File : Abensberg RegensburgerTor .
The Synod of Dort ( 1618 – 19 ) was called by the States General to consider the Five Articles of Remonstrance .
Arminius 's views were challenged by the Dutch Calvinists , especially Franciscus Gomarus , but Arminius died before a national synod could occur .
Arminius 's followers , not wanting to adopt their leader 's name , called themselves the Remonstrants .
When Arminius died before he could satisfy Holland 's State General 's request for a 14-page paper outlining his views , the Remonstrants replied in his stead crafting the Five articles of Remonstrance .
The first Baptists – called " General Baptists " because of their confession of a " general " or unlimited atonement , were Arminians .
Wesley was a champion of Arminian teachings , defending his soteriology in a periodical titled The Arminian and writing articles such as Predestination Calmly Considered .
Current landscape Advocates of both Arminianism and Calvinism find a home in many Protestant denominations , and sometimes both exist within the same denomination .
One particular thrust is a return to the teachings of Arminius .
Theology Arminian theology usually falls into one of two groups — Classical Arminianism , drawn from the teaching of Jacobus Arminius — and Wesleyan Arminian , drawing primarily from Wesley .
Dutch Reformed theologian Herman Ridderbos says " [ The certainty of salvation ] does not rest on the fact that the church belongs to a certain " number " , but that it belongs to Christ , from before the foundation of the world .
Woolfson was a songwriter by profession , but also a composer and pianist .
Parsons asked Woolfson to become his manager and Woolfson managed Parsons ' career as a producer and engineer through a string of successes including Pilot , Steve Harley , Cockney Rebel , John Miles , Al Stewart , Ambrosia and The Hollies .
The song " The Raven " featured lead vocals by the actor Leonard Whiting , and , according to the 2007 remastered album liner notes , was the first rock song to use a digital vocoder , with Alan Parsons speaking lyrics through it .
Arista Records then signed The Alan Parsons Project for further albums .
The singles " I Would n't Want to Be Like You " , " Games People Play " , " Damned If I Do " , " Time " ( Woolfson 's first lead vocal ) , " Eye in the Sky " and " Do n't Answer Me " had a notable impact on the Billboard Hot 100 .
The opening instrumental was largely done away with by 1980 ; no later Project album except Eye in the Sky featured one ( although every album includes at least one instrumental somewhere in the running order ) .
This score was partly in the Project style , recorded by most of the Project regulars , and produced and engineered by Parsons .
Alkyne trimerization describes the [ 2 +2 +2 ] cyclization of three alkynes , in the Dötz reaction an alkyne , carbon monoxide and a chromium carbene complex are the reactants .
Arene reactions Arenes are reactants in many organic reactions .
An example is the nitration of salicylic acid : Coupling reactions In coupling reaction s a metal catalyses a coupling between two formal radical fragments .
svg | Aspirin File : Paracetamol-skeletal .
svg | Paracetamol File : Pikrinsäure .
Studies have shown that high levels of PAHs are found , for example , in meat cooked at high temperatures such as grilling or barbecuing , and in smoked fish .
In graphene the PAH motif is extended to large 2D sheets .
PAHs possess very characteristic UV absorbance spectra .
By formal convention , it is not a true PAH , though is referred to as a bicyclic aromatic hydrocarbon .
Therefore in this molecule the outer rings are firmly aromatic while its central ring is less aromatic and therefore more reactive .
An abbey ( from Latin abbatia , derived from Latin language abbatia , from Latin abbās , derived from Aramaic language abba , " father " ) is a Catholic monastery or convent , under the authority of an Abbot or an Abbess , who serves as the spiritual father or mother of the community .
There were many orders that had their own styles of abbeys .
Anthony , as Johann August Wilhelm Neander remarks , " without any conscious design of his own , had become the founder of a new mode of living in common , Coenobitism . "
The first community established by him was at Tabennae , an island of the Nile in Upper Egypt .
Each cell or hut , according to Sozomen , contained three monks .
The coenobia of Syria belonged to the Pachomian institution .
Before the Council of Constance , AD 1415 , no fewer than 15,070 abbeys had been established of this order alone .
It was planned in compliance with the Benedictine rule , which enjoined that , if possible , the monastery should contain every necessity of life .
The infirmary for sick monks , with the physician 's house and physic garden , lies to the east .
The buildings devoted to hospitality are divided into three groups , -- one for the reception of distinguished guests , another for monks visiting the monastery , a third for poor travellers and pilgrims .
The whole of the southern and western sides is devoted to workshops , stables and farm-buildings .
The " cloister court " , ( G ) on the south side of the nave of the church has on its east side the " pisalis " or " calefactory " , ( H ) , the common sitting-room of the brethren , warmed by flues beneath the floor .
Between this building and the church , opening by one door into the cloisters , and by another to the outer part of the monastery area , is the " parlour " for interviews with visitors from the external world ( O ) .
Sometimes these foundations were no more than a single building serving as residence and farm offices , while other examples were miniature monasteries for 5 or 10 monks .
Westminster Abbey Westminster Abbey is another example of a great Benedictine abbey , identical in its general arrangements , so far as they can be traced , with those described above .
long , and the eastern .
It was adorned with the portraits of the chief benefactors of the abbey , and with Scriptural subjects .
The celebrity of this , as of other orders , worked its moral ruin .
La Grande Chartreuse The layout of La Grande Chartreuse was symmetrical , within a heavy walled exterior .
The living quarters or " cells " consisted of three separate rooms .
Stern Premonstratensian canons wanted no congregations , and cared for no possessions ; therefore they built their church like a long room .
Institutionally it is based on the Annales journal , the SEVPEN publishing house , the ( FMSH ) , and especially the 6th Section of the École pratique des hautes études , all based in Paris .
The fourth generation of Annales historians , led by Roger Chartier ( 1945 – ) , clearly distanced itself from the mentalities approach , replaced by the cultural and linguistic turn , which emphasize analysis of the social history of cultural practices .
Much emphasis was given to quantitative data , seen as the key to unlocking all of social history .
FMSH set up elaborate international networks to spread the Annales gospel across Europe and the world .
The emphasis is on social history , and very long-term trends , often using quantification and paying special attention to geography and to the intellectual world view of common people , or " mentality " ( mentalité ) .
Instead the Annales focused attention on the synthesizing of historical patterns identified from social , economic , and cultural history , statistics , medical reports , family studies , and even psychoanalysis .
Cofounder Marc Bloch ( 1886 – 1944 ) was a quintessential modernist who studied at the elite École Normale Supérieure , and in Germany , serving as a professor at the University of Strasbourg until he was called to the Sorbonne in Paris in 1936 as professor of economic history .
The Annalistes , especially Lucien Febvre , advocated a histoire totale , or histoire tout court , a complete study of a historic problem .
It was during this time that he mentored Fernand Braudel , who would become one of the best-known exponents of this school .
They preferred to stress inertia and the longue durée .
Regionalism Before Annales , French history supposedly happened in Paris .
The Annales historians did not try to replicate Braudel 's vast geographical scope in La Méditerranée .
The regionalist tradition flourished especially in the 1960s and 1970s in the work of Pierre Goubert in 1960 on Beauvais and René Baehrel on Basse-Provence .
British historians , apart from a few Marxists , were generally hostile .
Academic historians decidedly sided with Geoffrey Elton 's The Practice of History against Edward Hallett Carr 's What Is History ?
His work in this specific field ( based on the criss-crossing between literary criticism , bibliography , and sociocultural history ) is connected to broader historiographical and methodological interests which deal with the relation between history and other disciplines : philosophy , sociology , anthropology .
The process by which this asymmetry between particles and antiparticles developed is called baryogenesis .
Using the once popular vortex theory of gravity , the possibility of matter with negative gravity was discussed by William Hicks in the 1880s .
The modern theory of antimatter began in 1928 , with a paper by Paul Dirac .
Dirac realised that his relativistic version of the Schrödinger wave equation for electrons predicted the possibility of antielectron s. These were discovered by Carl D. Anderson in 1932 and named positron s ( a contraction of " positive electrons " ) .
However , to prevent confusion , the two conventions are never mixed .
Origin and asymmetry Almost all matter observable from the Earth seems to be made of matter rather than antimatter .
Antiparticles are created everywhere in the universe where high-energy particle collisions take place .
Recent ( as of January 2011 ) research by the American Astronomical Society has discovered antimatter ( positrons ) originating above thunderstorm clouds ; positrons are produced in gamma-ray flashes created by electrons accelerated by strong electric fields in the clouds .
In addition to anti baryon s , anti-nuclei consisting of multiple bound antiprotons and antineutrons have been created .
The ATRAP project released similar results very shortly thereafter .
Eventually , the electrons are removed by the application of short-duration electric fields , leaving the antiprotons with energies less than 100 meV .
Manipulations of the trap electrodes then tip the antiprotons into the positron plasma , where some combine with antiprotons to form antihydrogen .
In particular , such a trap may use the dipole moment ( electric or magnetic ) of the trapped particles .
Nuclides with surplus positive charge are easily made in a cyclotron and are widely generated for medical use .
Antiprotons have also been shown within laboratory experiments to have the potential to treat certain cancers , in a similar method currently used for ion ( proton ) therapy .
Any antimatter propulsion would require engine construction so as to prevent the annihilation of all the fuel simultaneously .
See also References Further reading External links

The ground floor , in particular , is rather astonishing with tracery , irregular oval windows and flowing sculpted stone work .
History Founding The building that is now Casa Batlló was built in 1877 by Emilio Salas Cortes one of Gaudí ’s teachers .
It was a classical building with a basement , a ground floor , four other floors and a garden in the back .
Gaudí convinced Josep that a renovation was sufficient and was also able to submit the planning application the same year .
The award was given to another architect that year despite Gaudí ’s design .
Due to the buildings location and the beauty of the facilities being rented , the rooms of Casa Batlló were in very high demand and hosted many important events for the city .
The roof is decorated with four chimney stacks , that are designed to prevent backdraughts .
Casa Batlló with very much unanticipated success and visitors became eager to see the rest of the house .
The top displays a trim with ceramic pieces that has attracted multiple interpretations .
[ 1 ] The tower is decorated with monograms of Jesus ( JHS ) , Maria ( M with the ducal crown ) and Joseph ( JHP ) , made of ceramic pieces that stand out golden on the green background that covers the facade .
These symbols show the deep religiosity of Gaudi , who was inspired by the contemporaneous construction of his basilica to choose the theme of the holy family .
Gallery Image : CasaBatllo 0096 .
JPG | Close-up of Casa Batlló Image : CasaBatllo .
It was designed by the Catalan architect Antoni Gaudí and built in the years 1900 to 1914 .
It is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site " Works of Antoni Gaudí " .
Origins as a housing development The park was originally part of a commercially unsuccessful housing site , the idea of Count Eusebi Güell , after whom the park was named .
It was inspired by the English garden city movement ; hence the original English name Park ( in the Catalan language spoken in Catalonia where Barcelona is located , the word for " Park " is " Parc " , and the name of the place is " Parc Güell " in its original language ) .
It is now the Gaudi House Museum ( Casa Museu Gaudí ) since 1963 .
The focal point of the park is the main terrace , surrounded by a long bench in the form of a sea serpent .
Gaudí incorporated many motifs of Catalan nationalism , and elements from religious mysticism and ancient poetry , into the Park .
Other birds can be seen from the park , with records including Short-toed eagle .
Gallery of Images Image : View from Park Güell Terrace .
Bird nests have been installed in the walkways .
jpg | Viaduct Image : Parc Guell 10 .
jpg | Ceiling Mosaic in the Hypostyle Room , Park Güell , Barcelona Image : Park Güell - Pabellón de entrada .
The picture did not get to do or place , although registration remains Marian Ave gratia M full Dominus tecum at the top of the facade .
Roser Segimon continued to live on the floor home until her death in 1964 .
In 1953 they commissioned Juan Francisco Barba Corsini the construction of 13 apartments in the attic , which until then had been the laundry , increasingly used and had become an unsafe place , filled with garbage and rampoines .
The works were supposed installing a chimney inadequate next to Gaudí 's .
Gaudí began the first sketches in his workshop in the Sagrada Familia , where he conceived of this house as a constant curve , both outside and inside , incorporating multiple solutions of formal geometry and elements of a naturalistic nature .
Viewed from the outside are three parts : the main body of the six-story blocks with winding stone floors both floors of a block back with a change of pace in waves similar to waves , with a texture more smooth and white , with small holes that seem gunboats , and finally the body of the roof .
The ironwork was lost until a few years later , when Americans donated one of them to the MoMa , where it is on display .
Within restoration initiatives launched in 1987 , the facade they rejoined him some pieces of stone that had fallen .
The wax was designed in gray John Bertrand under the supervision of Gaudí " touched up with their own fingers , " in the words of the manufacturer Josep Bay .
Joan Matamala thought that the model could have been St. Miquel del Fai , while the sculptor Vicente Vilarubias believe was inspired by the cliffs Torrent Pareis to Menorca .
* A scale model of Casa Milà ( La Pedrera ) is exhibited at the Catalunya en Miniatura park .
jpg | '' Casa Milà '' roof architecture , chimneys known as '' espanta bruixes '' ( witch scarers ) Image : Casa Mila Rooftop .

For example , the antiparticle of the electron is the positively charged antielectron , or positron , which is produced naturally in certain types of radioactive decay .
For example , an antiproton and a positron can form an antihydrogen atom , which has almost exactly the same properties as a hydrogen atom .
For example , the positrons produced in natural radioactive decay quickly annihilate themselves with electrons , producing pairs of gamma rays , a process exploited in positron emission tomography .
A unified interpretation of antiparticles is now available in quantum field theory , which solves both these problems .
These processes are important in the vacuum state and renormalization of a quantum field theory .
If | p , \ sigma , n \ rangle denotes the quantum state of a particle ( n ) with momentum p , spin J whose component in the z-direction is σ , then one haswhere nc denotes the charge conjugate state , i.e. , the antiparticle .
So one has to introduce the charge conjugate antiparticle field , with its own creation and annihilation operators satisfying the relations where k has the same p , and opposite σ and sign of the energy .
Then the energy of the vacuum is exactly E0 .
This is the case of a fermion .


Biography He started working with Bobby Jimmy & the Critters in 1984 .
One of his songs was included on the 2007 video game College Hoops 2K8 .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
In contrast , is an example of commutativity , not associativity , because the operand sequence changed when the 2 and 5 switched places .
One area within non-associative algebra that has grown very large is that of Lie algebra s. There the associative law is replaced by the Jacobi identity .
They are an example of non-associative algebra s. There are other specific types of non-associative structures that have been studied in depth .
This is simply a notational convention to avoid parentheses .
[[1336]]
The software they produce is distributed under the terms of the Apache License and is therefore free and open source software ( FOSS ) .
Board of directors The ASF board of directors has responsibility for overseeing the ASF 's activities and acting as a central point of contact and communication for its projects .
With no employees and 2,663 volunteers , it spent $ 270,846 on infrastructure , $ 92,364 on public relations , and $ 17,891 on two ApacheCons .

The ADA is a wide-ranging civil rights law that prohibits , under certain circumstances , discrimination based on disability .
Disability is defined by the ADA as " ... a physical or mental impairment that substantially limits a major life activity . "
This section requires the provision of paratransit services by public entities that provide fixed route services sign of Illuminate .
With regard to historic properties ( those properties that are listed or that are eligible for listing in the National Register of Historic Places , or properties designated as historic under State or local law ) , those facilities must still comply with the provisions of Title III of the ADA to the " maximum extent feasible " but if following the usual standards would " threaten to destroy the historic significance of a feature of the building " then alternative standards may be used .
Full compliance may not be required for existing facilities ; Section 242 and 1009 of the 2010 Standards outline such exceptions .
Title IV — Telecommunications Title IV of the ADA amended the landmark Communications Act of 1934 primarily by adding section .
The Equal Employment Opportunity Commission ( EEOC ) was charged with interpreting the 1990 law with regard to discrimination in employment .
Opposition from business interests Many members of the business community opposed the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act .
Professional plaintiffs " The ADA allows private plaintiffs to receive only injunctive relief ( a court order requiring the public accommodation to remedy violations of the accessibility regulations ) and attorneys ' fees , and does not provide monetary rewards to private plaintiffs who sue non-compliant businesses .
Unless a state law , such as the California Unruh Civil Rights Act , provides for monetary damages to private plaintiffs , persons with disabilities do not obtain direct financial benefits from suing businesses that violate the ADA .
Thus , " professional plaintiffs " are typically found in states that have enacted state laws that allow private individuals to win monetary awards from non-compliant businesses .
Bates v. UPS This was the first equal opportunity employment class action brought on behalf of Deaf and Hard of Hearing ( D/HH ) workers throughout the country concerning workplace discrimination .
It established legal precedence for D/HH Employees and Customers to be fully covered under the ADA .
The Supreme Court decided under Title II of the ADA that mental illness is a form of disability and therefore covered under the ADA , and that unjustified institutional isolation of a person with a disability is a form of discrimination because it " ... perpetuates unwarranted assumptions that persons so isolated are incapable or unworthy of participating in community life . "
The U.S. Department of Justice assisted in the suit filed by attorney Richard Bernstein of The Law Offices of Sam Bernstein in Farmington Hills , Michigan , which was settled in March 2008 .
[[1344]]
The Apple I was Apple 's first product , and to finance its creation , Jobs sold his only means of transportation , a VW Microbus and Wozniak sold his HP-65 calculator for $ 500 .
Emulators , clones , and replicas A software-compatible clone of the Apple I ( Replica 1 ) , produced using modern components , was released in 2003 at a price of around $ 200 .
In 1903 , Elmer Riggs re-examined the fossils .
Riggs re-classified the species as Apatosaurus excelsus in 1903 .
Sauropod feet that were discovered at the same quarry were added , as well as a tail fashioned to appear as Marsh believed it should , as well as a composite model of what he felt the skull of this massive creature might look like .
A. excelsus fossils have been reported from the upper Salt Wash Member to the upper Brushy Basin Member , ranging from the middle to late Kimmeridgian age , about 154-151 million years ago .
A. louisae fossils are rare , known only from one site in the upper Brushy Basin Member , dated to the late Kimmeridgian stage ( about 151 million years ago ) .
That would allow about 300 liters for the necessary tissue .
Apatosaurus have often been depicted in cinema , beginning with Winsor McCay 's 1914 classic Gertie the Dinosaur , one of the first animated films .
Sinclair Oil has long been a fixture of American roads ( and briefly in other countries ) with its green dinosaur logo and mascot , an Apatosaurus ( Brontosaurus ) .
Its skull was large and equipped with dozens of large , sharp teeth .
Relative to the large and powerful hindlimbs , its three-fingered forelimbs were small , and the body was balanced by a long , heavy tail .
They were shed easily , and were replaced continually , making them common fossils .
The horns were probably covered in a keratin sheath and may have had a variety of functions , including acting as sunshades for the eye , being used for display , and being used in combat against other members of the same species ( although they were fragile ) .
The number of tail vertebrae is unknown and varied with individual size ; James Madsen estimated about 50 , while Gregory S. Paul considered that to be too many and suggested 45 or less .
Such spaces , which are also found in modern theropods ( that is , the birds ) , are interpreted as having held air sacs used in respiration .
A furcula ( wishbone ) was also present , but has only been recognized since 1996 ; in some cases furculae were confused with gastralia .
This proposal has not attracted further attention , however .
Given modern knowledge of theropod diversity and the advent of cladistic study of evolution ary relationships , none of these theropods is now recognized as an allosaurid , although several , like Acrocanthosaurus and Yangchuanosaurus , are members of closely related families .
The multiplicity of early names complicated later research , with the situation compounded by the terse descriptions provided by Marsh and Cope .
For example , Williston pointed out in 1901 that Marsh had never been able to adequately distinguish Allosaurus from Creosaurus .
Under a cooperative effort involving nearly 40 institutions , thousands of bones were recovered between 1960 and 1965 .
Regardless of the actual cause , the great quantity of well-preserved Allosaurus remains has allowed this genus to be known in detail , making it among the best-known theropods .
MOR 693 was excavated near Shell , Wyoming , by a joint Museum of the Rockies and University of Wyoming Geological Museum team .
It is now regarded as an example of A. fragilis .
Because of this , several scientists have interpreted the type specimen as potentially dubious , and thus the genus Allosaurus itself or at least the species A. fragilis would be a nomen dubium ( " dubious name " , based on a specimen too incomplete to compare to other specimens or to classify ) .
This request is currently pending review .
Paleoecology Allosaurus was the most common large theropod in the vast tract of Western American fossil-bearing rock known as the Morrison Formation , accounting for 70 to 75 % of theropod specimens , and as such was at the top trophic level of the Morrison food web .
Ceratosaurs and torvosaurs may have preferred to be active around waterways , and had lower , thinner bodies that would have given them an advantage in forest and underbrush terrains , whereas allosaurs were more compact , with longer legs , faster but less maneuverable , and seem to have preferred dry floodplains .
Ceratosaurus , better known than Torvosaurus , differed noticeably from Allosaurus in functional anatomy by having a taller , narrower skull with large , broad teeth .
Similar conclusions were drawn by another study using finite element analysis on an Allosaurus skull .
Although Allosaurus may have hunted in packs , it has been argued that Allosaurus and other theropods had largely aggressive interactions instead of cooperative interactions with other members of their own species .
The structure of the vestibular apparatus indicates that the skull was held nearly horizontal , as opposed to strongly tipped up or down .
Some of the fractures were poorly healed and " formed pseudoarthroses . "
Allosaurus is the official state fossil of Utah .
Allosaurus has been depicted in popular culture since the early years of the 20th century .
Its depiction in this series was based upon a specimen with a smashed lower jaw that was uncovered by paleontologist Thomas Holtz .
In 1949 , the AK-47 was officially accepted by the Soviet Armed Forces and used by the majority of the member states of the Warsaw Pact .
At the same time , the Soviet Army was interested in developing a true assault rifle employing a shortened M1943 round .
Each designer seems to have his own paths , his own successes and failures .
In most former Eastern Bloc countries , the weapon is known simply as the " Kalashnikov " or " AK " .
This new rifle and cartridge had only started to be manufactured in Eastern European nations when the Soviet Union collapsed , drastically slowing production of this and other weapons of the former Soviet bloc .
These settings mirror the Mosin – Nagant and SKS rifles which the AK-47 replaced .
The milled AK-47s are capable of shooting 3 – 5 inch groups at 100 yards , whereas the stamped AKM 's are capable of shooting 4 – 6 inch groups at 100 yards . "
They were too sensitive to damage and were soon replaced by plastic ones ( heavier ) .
Additional firepower All current model AK-47 rifles can mount under-barrel 40 mm grenade launchers such as the GP-25 , GP-30 & GP-34 , which can fire up to 20 rounds per minute and have an effective range of up to 400 metres .
The Zastava M70 s ( AKM-type rifle ) also have a grenade-launching sight and gas cut-off on the gas block , and are capable of launching rifle grenade s. To launch them a 22 mm diameter grenade launching adapter is screwed on in place of the slant brake or other muzzle device .
Includes new designs substantially derived from the Kalashnikov .
Estimated numbers of AK-type weapons vary .
The World Bank estimates that out of the 500 million total firearms available worldwide , 100 million are of the Kalashnikov family , and 75 million are AK-47s .
For these reasons , in the U.S. and Western Europe the AK-47 is stereotypically regarded as the weapon of choice of insurgents , gangsters and terrorists .
One sold for US$ 17,000 in a fundraiser held to benefit the victims of anti-personnel mines , while another was exhibited at the United Nations ' Conference on Disarmament .
It 'll shoot whether it 's covered in mud or filled with sand .
Kalashnikov Museum The Kalashnikov Museum ( also called the AK-47 museum ) opened on 4 November 2004 , in Izhevsk , Udmurt Republic .
Users See also Notes References Bibliography Further reading External links Audio Video
The mechanical and logic design was worked out by Dr. Atanasoff over the next year .
$ 5,000 of further funding to complete the machine came from the nonprofit Research Corporation of New York City .
The machine was , however , the first to implement three critical ideas that are still part of every modern computer : In addition , the system pioneered the use of regenerative capacitor memory , as in the DRAM still widely used today .
The alternating current power line frequency of 60 Hz was the primary clock rate for the lowest level operations .
Selection of the operation to be performed , reading , writing , converting to or from binary to decimal , or reducing a set of equations was made by front panel switches and in some cases jumpers .
Patent dispute J. Presper Eckert and John Mauchly were the first to patent a digital computing device , the ENIAC .
Campbell-Kelly and Aspray conclude : The case was legally resolved on October 19 , 1973 when U.S. District Judge Earl R. Larson held the ENIAC patent invalid , ruling that the ENIAC derived many basic ideas from the Atanasoff – Berry Computer .

[[1354]]
The highest peak , Mount Aconcagua , rises to an elevation of about above sea level .
The world 's highest volcano es are in the Andes , including Ojos del Salado on the Chile-Argentina border which rises to 6,893 m ( 22,615 ft ) .
The Leeward Antilles islands Aruba , Bonaire , and Curaçao , which lie in the Caribbean Sea off the coast of Venezuela , were thought to represent the submerged peaks of the extreme northern edge of the Andes range , but ongoing geological studies indicate that such a simplification does not do justice to the complex tectonic boundary between the South-American and Caribbean plates .
Orogeny The western rim of the South American Plate has been the place of several pre-Andean orogenies since at least the period of the late Proterozoic and early Paleozoic when several terrane s and microcontinent s collided and amalgamated with the ancient craton s of eastern South America , by then the South American part of Gondwana .
Volcanism The Andes range has many active volcanoes , which are distributed in four volcanic zones separated by areas of inactivity .
The Andean volcanism is a result of subduction of the Nazca Plate and Antarctic Plate underneath the South American Plate .
Flora The Andean region cuts across several natural and floristc regions due to its extension from Caribbean Venezuela to cold , windy and wet Cape Horn passing through the hyperarid Atacama Desert .
The nocturnal chinchilla s , two threatened members of the rodent order , inhabit the Andes ' alpine regions .
A long series of cultural development culminated in the expansion of the Inca civilization and Inca Empire in the central Andes during the 15th century .
Donkey s , mule s , and horses are also useful .
Although Andean Amerindian peoples crafted ceremonial jewelry of gold and other metals the mineralization s of the Andes were first mined in large scale after the Spanish arrival .
Potosí in present-day Bolivia and Cerro de Pasco in Peru were one of the principal mines of the Spanish Empire in the New World .
jpg | Chilean huaso s , 19th century File : Macchupicchu .
Argentina Border between Argentina and Chile File : Llullaillaco .
png | Nevado del Ruiz , Colombia Ecuador File : Volcán Chimborazo , " El Taita Chimborazo " .
File : Volcán Tungurahua .
jpg | Pico El Águila , Venezuela File : Picoeltoro .
A sea anchor is a drogue , not in contact with the seabed , used to control a drifting vessel .
Overview Anchors achieve holding power either by " hooking " into the seabed , or via sheer mass , or a combination of the two .
Evolution of the anchor The earliest anchors were probably rocks , and many rock anchors have been found dating from at least the Bronze Age .
It consists of a central shank with a ring or shackle for attaching the rode .
When the anchor lands on the bottom , it will generally fall over with the arms parallel to the seabed .
Cast into the crown of the anchor is a set of tripping palms , projections that drag on the bottom , forcing the main flukes to dig in .
In coral it is often able to set quickly by hooking into the structure , but may be more difficult to retrieve .
In use , it still presents all the issues of the admiralty pattern anchor .
Ploughs are popular with cruising sailors and other private boaters .
Its light weight and compact flat design make it easy to retrieve and relatively easy to store ; some anchor rollers and hawsepipes can accommodate a fluke-style anchor .
Claw-types set quickly in most seabeds and although not an articulated design , they have the reputation of not breaking out with tide or wind changes , instead slowly turning in the bottom to align with the force .
Modern moorings may be anchored by sand screws , which look and act very much like oversized screw s drilled into the seabed , or by barbed metal beams pounded in ( or even driven in with explosives ) like pilings , or by a variety of other non-mass means of getting a grip on the bottom .
A counterweight is often provided at the other end of the shank to lay it down before it becomes buried .
A mushroom anchor will normally sink in the silt to the point where it has displaced its own weight in bottom material , thus greatly increasing its holding power .
The holding power of this anchor is at best about twice its weight until it becomes buried , when it can be as much as ten times its weight .
For example , if the water is 25 ft ( 8 m ) deep , and the anchor roller is 3 ft ( 1 m ) above the water , the scope is the ratio between the amount of cable let out and 28 ft ( 9 m ) .
Anchoring techniques The basic anchoring consists of determining the location , dropping the anchor , laying out the scope , setting the hook , and assessing where the vessel ends up .
The anchor should be lowered quickly but under control until it is on the bottom .
There are techniques of anchoring to limit the swing of a vessel if the anchorage has limited room : Using an anchor weight , kellet or sentinel Lowering a concentrated , heavy weight down the anchor line – rope or chain – directly in front of the bow to the seabed , behaves like a heavy chain rode and lowers the angle of pull on the anchor .
Known as a " anchor chum weight " or " angel " in the UK .
One method of accomplishing this moor is to set a bow anchor normally , then drop back to the limit of the bow cable ( or to double the desired scope , e.g. 8:1 if the eventual scope should be 4:1 , 10:1 if the eventual scope should be 5:1 , etc. ) to lower a stern anchor .
Bahamian moor Similar to the above , a Bahamian moor is used to sharply limit the swing range of a vessel , but allows it to swing to a current .
There are complications , and the technique requires careful preparation and a level of skill and experience above that required for a single anchor .
As the vessel gathers sternway the strain on the cable pivots the vessel around what is now the weather quarter turning the vessel onto the other tack .


Anazarbus ( med .
Ain Zarba ; mod .
Anavarza ) was an ancient Cilicia n city , situated in Anatolia in modern Turkey , in the present Çukurova ( or classical Aleian plain ) about 15 km west of the main stream of the present Ceyhan River ( or classical Pyramus river ) and near its tributary the Sempas Su .
Notable people References
They are said to go back at least to the Greek poet Lycophron , in the third century BCE ; but this relies on an account of Lycophron given by John Tzetzes in the 12th century .
Influence of Latin As a literary game when Latin was the common property of the literate , Latin anagrams were prominent : two examples are the change of " Ave Maria , gratia plena , Dominus tecum " ( Hail Mary , full of grace , the Lord [ is ] with you ) into " Virgo serena , pia , munda et immaculata " ( Serene virgin , pious , clean and spotless ) , and the anagrammatic answer to Pilate 's question , " Quid est veritas ? "
An example would be Businessman burst into tears ( 9 letters ) .
Anagram dictionaries could also be used .
The program or server carries out an exhaustive search of a database of words , to produce a list containing every possible combination of words or phrases from the input word or phrase .
Some programs ( such as Lexpert ) restrict to one-word answers .
History In 1648 Semyon Dezhnev reached the mouth of the Anadyr after being shipwrecked on the coast .
Much of the region has beautiful landscapes , dominated by often spectacular , rugged mountains .
There are ten species of salmon inhabiting the Anadyr river basin .
Every year , on the last Sunday in April , there is an ice fishing competition in the frozen estuarine waters of the Anadyr River 's mouth .

He spent his childhood and adolescence at the family property at Poleymieux-au-Mont-d'Or near Lyon .
” Ampère ’s father actualized this ideal by allowing his son to educate himself within the walls of his well-stocked library .
Teaching career After the death of his wife in July 1803 , Ampère moved to Paris , where he began a tutoring post at the new École Polytechnique in 1804 .
Despite his lack of formal qualifications , Ampère was appointed a professor of mathematics at the school in 1809 .
In 1814 Ampère was invited to join the class of mathematicians in the new Institut Impériale , the umbrella under which the reformed state Academy of Sciences would sit .
Ampère claimed that " at eighteen years he found three culminating points in his life , his First Communion , the reading of Antoine Leonard Thomas 's " Eulogy of Descartes " , and the Taking of the Bastille .
The concentration of such solutions is measured in units of the Baumé scale ( density ) , with 26 degrees baumé ( about 30 % ( by weight ) ammonia at 15.5 ° C ) being the typical high-concentration commercial product .
It is lighter than air , its density being 0.589 times that of air .
It is known to have the highest specific heat capacity of any substance .
Pentavalent ammonia is known as λ5-amine , or more commonly , ammonium hydride .
For historical reasons , ammonia is named ammine in the nomenclature of coordination compound s. Some notable ammine complexes include tetraamminediaquacopper ( II ) ( [ Cu ( NH3 ) 4 ( H2O ) 2 ] 2 + ) , a dark blue complex formed by adding ammonia to solution of copper ( II ) salts .
Several days later , the editorial was appended with a retraction , stating it had incorrectly claimed there had been two recalls of ground meat because of this process , and " No meat produced by Beef Products Inc. has been linked to any illnesses or outbreaks . "
It was commonly used prior to the popularisation of chlorofluorocarbon s ( Freons ) .
Ammonia neutralizes the nitrogen oxides ( NOx ) pollutants emitted by diesel engines .
Ammonia may be used to mitigate gaseous spills of phosgene .
Although not as powerful as other fuels , it left no soot in the reusable rocket engine and its density approximately matches the density of the oxidizer , liquid oxygen , which simplified the aircraft 's design .
The 60 MW Rjukan dam in Telemark , Norway produced ammonia via electrolysis of water for many years from 1913 producing fertilizer for much of Europe .
If produced from coal , the CO2 can be readily sequestered ( the combustion products are nitrogen and water ) .
At one time , most of Europe 's ammonia was produced from the Hydro plant at Vemork , via the electrolysis route .
= = Liquid ammonia as a solvent = = Liquid ammonia is the best-known and most widely studied nonaqueous ionising solvent .
svg | thumb | 250px | Main symptoms of hyperammonemia ( ammonia reaching toxic concentrations ) . ] ]
Although atmospheric nitrogen abounds ( more than 75 % ) , few living creatures are capable of using this nitrogen .
Hyperammonemia contributes to the confusion and coma of hepatic encephalopathy , as well as the neurologic disease common in people with urea cycle defects and organic aciduria s. Ammonia is important for normal animal acid/base balance .
In birds , reptiles , and terrestrial snails , metabolic ammonium is converted into uric acid , which is solid , and can therefore be excreted with minimal water loss .
It is naturally found on Deimos and Phobos – the two moons of Mars .
Since its interstellar discovery , NH 3 has proved to be an invaluable spectroscopic tool in the study of the interstellar medium .
= = = = Interferometric studies = = = = VLA observations of NH 3 in seven regions with high-velocity gaseous outflows revealed condensations of less than 0.1 pc in L1551 , S140 , and Cepheus A .
Three individual condensations were detected in Cepheus A , one of them with a highly elongated shape .
The hot gas has temperatures above 70 K , which was inferred from ammonia line ratios and appears to be closely associated with the innermost portions of the nuclear bar seen in CO. .
gov * [ NIOSH Pocket Guide to Chemical Hazards - Ammonia ] , cdc .
The name comes from the Ancient Greek ἀ a - ( " not " ) and μέθυστος methustos ( " intoxicated " ) , a reference to the belief that the stone protected its owner from drunkenness .
Often , the fact that sometimes only a thin surface layer of violet color is present in the stone or that the color is not homogeneous makes for a difficult cutting .
Variations of the story include that Dionysus had been insulted by a mortal and swore to slay the next mortal who crossed his path , creating fierce tigers to carry out his wrath .
Her life was spared by Artemis , who transformed the maiden into a statue of pure crystalline quartz to protect her from the brutal claws .
Scientists disagree on the content of the genus , with some recognizing Gorgosaurus libratus as a second species .
As a tyrannosaurid , Albertosaurus was a biped al predator with tiny , two-fingered hands and a massive head with dozens of large , sharp teeth .
The discovery of 26 individuals at one site provides evidence of pack behaviour and allows studies of ontogeny and population biology which are impossible with lesser-known dinosaurs .
Typically for a theropod , Albertosaurus was bipedal and balanced the heavy head and torso with a long tail .
The hind limbs were long and ended in a four-toed foot .
Unlike most theropods , Albertosaurus and other tyrannosaurids were heterodont , with teeth of different forms depending on their position in the mouth .
Like with Tyrannosaurus , the maxillary ( cheek ) teeth of Albertosaurus were adapted in general form to resist lateral forces exerted by a struggling prey .
This would typically incline the tooth to crack formation on the posterior side of the tooth , but the ampullae at the base of the already crack-like serrations would tend to diffuse potential crack-forming forces .
This form resembles techniques used by guitar makers to " impart alternating regions of flexibility and rigidity to a stick of wood . "
Thomas Holtz found Appalachiosaurus to be an albertosaurine in 2004 , but his more recent unpublished work locates it just outside Tyrannosauridae , in agreement with other authors .
The Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology rediscovered the bonebed in 1997 and resumed fieldwork at the site , which is now located inside Dry Island Buffalo Jump Provincial Park .
A species distinction was maintained because of the age difference .
Parks ' specimen ( ROM 807 ) is housed in the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto .
Apart from the Dry Island bonebed , six more skulls and skeletons have since been discovered in Alberta and are housed in various Canadian museums : specimens RTMP 81.010.001 , found in 1978 by amateur paleontologist Maurice Stefanuk ; RTMP 85.098.001 , found by Stefanuk on 16 June 1985 ; RTMP 86.64.001 ( December 1985 ) ; RTMP 86.205.001 ( 1986 ) ; RTMP 97.058.0001 ( 1996 ) ; and CMN 11315 .
On two occasions species based on valid Albertosaurus material were reassigned to a different genus : in 1922 William Diller Matthew renamed A. sarcophagus into Deinodon sarcophagus and in 1939 German paleontologist Oskar Kuhn renamed A. arctunguis into Deinodon arctunguis .
Using bone histology , the age of an individual animal at the time of death can often be determined , allowing growth rates to be estimated and compared with other species .
Other studies have suggested higher adult weights ; this would affect the magnitude of the growth rate but not the overall pattern .
High infant mortality rates , followed by reduced mortality among juveniles and a sudden increase in mortality after sexual maturity , with very few animals reaching maximum size , is a pattern observed in many modern large mammals , including elephants , African buffalo , and rhinoceros .
In 2001 , Bruce Rothschild and others published a study examining evidence for stress fractures and tendon avulsions in theropod dinosaurs and the implications for their behavior .
It was not a smooth process , however , and the seaway would periodically rise to cover parts of the region throughout Horseshoe Canyon times before finally receding altogether in the years after .
Along with much rarer ankylosauria ns and pachycephalosaur s , all of these animals would have been prey for a diverse array of carnivorous theropods , including troodontid s , dromaeosaurid s , and caenagnathid s. Intermingled with the Albertosaurus remains of the Dry Island bonebed , the bones of the small theropod Albertonykus were found .
Some opcodes require one or more operands as part of the instruction , and most assemblers can take labels and symbols as operands to represent addresses and constants , instead of hard coding them into the program .
Most assemblers also include macro facilities for performing textual substitution — e.g. , to generate common short sequences of instructions as inline , instead of called subroutine s. Assemblers have been available since the 1950s and are far simpler to write than compiler s for high-level language s as each mnemonic instruction / address mode combination translates directly into a single machine language opcode .
In both cases , the assembler must be able to determine the size of each instruction on the initial passes in order to calculate the addresses of subsequent symbols .
MOV AL , 61h ; Load AL with 97 decimal ( 61 hex ) In some assembly languages the same mnemonic such as MOV may be used for a family of related instructions for loading , copying and moving data , whether these are immediate values , values in registers , or memory locations pointed to by values in registers .
The Intel opcode 10110000 ( B0 ) copies an 8-bit value into the AL register , while 10110001 ( B1 ) moves it into CL and 10110010 ( B2 ) does so into DL .
Multiple sets of mnemonic s or assembly-language syntax may exist for a single instruction set , typically instantiated in different assembler programs .
In these cases , the most popular one is usually that supplied by the manufacturer and used in its documentation .
Each instruction typically consists of an operation or opcode plus zero or more operand s. Most instructions refer to a single value , or a pair of values .
In 8086 CPUs the instruction xchg ax , ax is used for nop , with nop being a pseudo-opcode to encode the instruction xchg ax , ax .
For instance , with some Z80 assemblers the instruction ld hl , bc is recognized to generate ld l , c followed by ld h , b. These are sometimes known as pseudo-opcodes .
The standard has since been withdrawn .
They can make the assembly of the program dependent on parameters input by a programmer , so that one program can be assembled different ways , perhaps for different applications .
Once a macro has been defined its name may be used in place of a mnemonic .
The most famous class of bugs resulting was the use of a parameter that itself was an expression and not a simple name when the macro writer expected a name .
To avoid any possible ambiguity , users of macro processors can parenthesize formal parameters inside macro definitions , or callers can parenthesize the input parameters .
The earliest example of this approach was in the Concept-14 macro set , originally proposed by Dr. H.D. Mills ( March , 1970 ) , and implemented by Marvin Kessler at IBM 's Federal Systems Division , which extended the S/360 macro assembler with IF/ELSE/ENDIF and similar control flow blocks .
This was a way to reduce or eliminate the use of GOTO operations in assembly code , one of the main factors causing spaghetti code in assembly language .
The language was classified as an assembler , because it worked with raw machine elements such as opcodes , registers , and memory references ; but it incorporated an expression syntax to indicate execution order .
SOAP ( Symbolic Optimal Assembly Program ) ( 1955 ) was an assembly language for the IBM 650 computer written by Stan Poley .
Historically , a large number of programs have been written entirely in assembly language .
Perhaps more important was the lack of first-class high-level language compilers suitable for microcomputer use .
In a more commercial context , the biggest reasons for using assembly language were minimal bloat ( size ) , minimal overhead , greater speed , and reliability .
Assembly language has long been the primary development language for many popular home computers of the 1980s and 1990s ( such as the Sinclair ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , Commodore Amiga , and Atari ST ) .
At 1,639 bytes in length , its author believes it is the smallest symbolic assembler ever written .
Moreover , and to the dismay of efficiency lovers , increasing processor performance has meant that most CPUs sit idle most of the time , with delays caused by predictable bottlenecks such as I/O operations and paging .
This has made raw code execution speed a non-issue for many programmers .
Since a computer 's behavior is fundamentally defined by its instruction set , the logical way to learn such concepts is to study an assembly language .
This is analogous to children needing to learn the basic arithmetic operations ( e.g. , long division ) , although calculator s are widely used for all except the most trivial calculations .
For some examples , see the list of assemblers .
Sometimes , some assemblers can read another assembler 's dialect , for example , TASM can read old MASM code , but not the reverse .
An instruction set simulator can process the object code / binary of any assembler to achieve portability even across platform s with an overhead no greater than a typical bytecode interpreter .
Note : this is a subroutine not a complete program .

In ancient Greek mythology , ambrosia ( ) is sometimes the food or drink of the Greek gods ( or demigods ) , often depicted as conferring ageless immortality upon whomever consumed it .
Definition Ambrosia is very closely related to the gods ' other form of sustenance , nectar .
On the other hand , in Alcman , nectar is the food , and in Sappho and Anaxandrides , ambrosia is the drink .
A semantically similar etymology exists for nectar , the beverage of the gods ( Greek : νέκταρ , néktar ) presumed to be a compound of the PIE roots * nek - , " death " , and - * tar , " overcoming " .

His father considered this a sign of his future eloquence and honeyed tongue .
, which was taken up by the whole assembly .
Ambrose was elected president and Palladius , being called upon to defend his opinions , declined .
Under Ambrose 's influence , Theodosius issued the 391 " Theodosian decrees , " which with increasing intensity outlawed Pagan practises , and the Altar of Victory was removed by Gratian .
In dogma he follows Basil of Caesarea and other Greek authors , but nevertheless gives a distinctly Western cast to the speculations of which he treats .
However , Ambrosian chant was named in his honor due to his contributions to the music of the Church ; he is credited with introducing hymnody from the Eastern Church into the West .
In Byzantine times a new settlement took its place under the name of Arta .
Ambergris is less dense than water and floats , whereas amber is less dense than stone , but too dense to float .
The word ambar was brought to Europe by the Crusaders .
gray amber ) , became used for ambergris , while ambre jaune ( yellow amber ) , denoted the fossil resin we now call amber .
According to The Natural History " by Pliny the Elder : Pytheas says that the Gutones , a people of Germany , inhabit the shores of an estuary of the Ocean called Mentonomon , their territory extending a distance of six thousand stadia ; that , at one day 's sail from this territory , is the Isle of Abalus , upon the shores of which , amber is thrown up by the waves in spring , it being an excretion of the sea in a concrete form ; as , also , that the inhabitants use this amber by way of fuel , and sell it to their neighbors , the Teutones .
Exposure to sunlight , rain , and temperate extremes tends to disintegrate resin , and the process is assisted by microorganisms such as bacteria and fungi .
Inclusions The abnormal development of resin has been called succinosis .
Treatment The Vienna amber factories , which use pale amber to manufacture pipes and other smoking tools , turn it on a lathe and polish it with whitening and water or with rotten stone and oil .
The pieces are carefully heated with exclusion of air and then compressed into a uniform mass by intense hydraulic pressure ; the softened amber being forced through holes in a metal plate .
Baltic amber is sometimes colored artificially , but also called " true amber " .
Phenol ic resins are today only produced by angiosperms , and tend to serve functional uses .
It comprises labdatriene carboxylic acids such as communic or ozic acids .
Have a communic acid base .
IR spectroscopy can detect the relative age of an amber sample .
Succinic acid may not be an original component of amber , but rather a degradation product of abietic acid .
It appears , however , to have been partly derived from older Eocene deposits and it occurs also as a derivative phase in later formations , such as glacial drift .
Relics of an abundant flora occur as inclusions trapped within the amber while the resin was yet fresh , suggesting relations with the flora of Eastern Asia and the southern part of North America .
Amber sometimes contains animals or plant matter that became caught in the resin as it was secreted .
Insects , spiders and even their webs , annelids , frogs , crustaceans , bacteria and amoebae , marine microfossils , wood , flowers and fruit , hair , feathers and other small organisms have been recovered in ambers dating to .
In August 2012 , two mites preserved in amber were determined to be the oldest animals ever to have been found in the substance ; the mites are 230 million years old and were discovered in north-eastern Italy .
If amber is heated under the right conditions , oil of amber is produced , and in past times this was combined carefully with nitric acid to create " artificial musk " – a resin with a peculiar musk y odor .
Amber " perfumes may be created using combinations of labdanum , benzoin resin , copal ( itself a type of tree resin used in incense manufacture ) , vanilla , Dammara resin and/or synthetic materials .
The alphorn or alpenhorn or alpine horn is a labrophone , consisting of a wooden natural horn of conical bore , having a wooden cup-shaped mouthpiece , used by mountain dwellers in Switzerland and elsewhere .
Surviving artifacts , dating back to as far as ca .
The alphorn 's exact origins remain indeterminate , and the ubiquity of horn-like signal instruments in valleys throughout Europe may indicate a long history of cross influences regarding their construction and usage .
An alphorn made at Rigi-Kulm , Schwyz , and now in the Victoria and Albert Museum , measures 8 ft. in length and has a straight tube .
In the hands of a skilled composer or arranger , the natural harmonics can be used to haunting melancholy effect or , by contrast , to create a charming pastoral flavor , as in the lilting " Ranz des Vaches " and works by Brahms , Rossini , and Britten cited below .

An army ( from Latin arma “ arms , weapons ” via Old French armée , “ armed ” ( feminine ) ) , in the broadest sense , is the land-based military branch , service branch or armed service of a nation or state .
In such countries , the word " army " on its own retains its connotation of a land force in common usage .
Other distinctions may separate statutory forces ( established under laws such as the National Defence Act ) , from de facto " non-statutory " forces such as some guerrilla and revolutionary armies .
After that , men devoted their lives to war until their retirement at the age of 60 .
Each hoplite bore the Spartan emblem and a scarlet uniform .
The knight s were drawn to battle by feudal and social obligation , and also by the prospect of profit and advancement .
As central governments grew in power , a return to the citizen armies of the classical period also began , as central levies of the peasantry began to be the central recruiting tool .
However , almost all high medieval armies in Europe were composed of a great deal of paid core troops , and there was a large mercenary market in Europe from at least the early 12th century .
Mercenaries tended to be effective soldiers , especially in combination with standing forces , but in Italy they came to dominate the armies of the city states .
The inaccuracy of the weapons necessitated large groups of massed soldiers .
However , this would only become apparent after the French Revolutionary Wars .
They replaced forces that mostly comprised tribal warriors ( ghazi s ) whose loyalty and morale could not always be trusted .
The " recruits " were mostly Christian youths , reminiscent of Mamelukes .
Viktor Suvorov 's Inside the Soviet Army describes how Cold War era Soviet military districts were actually composed of a front headquarters and a military district headquarters co-located for administration and deception ( ' maskirovika ' ) reasons .


Although the Caiman has not been studied in-depth , scientists have learned that their mating cycles ( previously thought to be spontaneous or year-round ) are linked to the rainfall cycles and the river levels , which increases chances of survival for their offspring .
Use by humans The catkin s of some alder species have a degree of edibility , and may be rich in protein .
Native Americans used red alder bark ( Alnus rubra ) to treat poison oak , insect bites , and skin irritations .
Recent clinical studies have verified that red alder contains betulin and lupeol , compounds shown to be effective against a variety of tumors .
For example , in the television series Northern Exposure 1992 season 3 episode " Things Become Extinct " , Native American Ira Wingfeather makes duck flute s out of Alder tree branches while Ed Chigliak films .
He hoped to perfect the human spirit and , to that end , advocated a vegan diet before the term was coined .
Amos Bronson , the oldest of eight children , later changed the spelling to " Alcott " and dropped his first name .
Alcott had been influenced by educational philosophy of the Swiss pedagogue Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi and even renamed his school " The Cheshire Pestalozzi School " .
Locals in Cheshire were less supportive and became suspicious of his methods .
After their marriage the Alcotts moved to 12 Franklin Street in Boston , a boarding house run by a Mrs. Newall .
Alcott 's plan was to develop self-instruction on the basis of self-analysis , with an emphasis on conversation and questioning rather than lecturing and drill , which were prevalent in the U.S. classrooms of the time .
By age three , however , her mother changed her name to Elizabeth Sewall Alcott , after her own mother .
In the Boston Daily Advertiser , Nathan Hale criticized Alcott 's " flippant and off hand conversation " about serious topics from the Virgin birth of Jesus to circumcision .
Alcott also wrote a series patterned after the work of German writer Johann Wolfgang von Goethe which were eventually published in the Transcendentalists ' journal , The Dial .
With financial support from Emerson , Alcott left Concord on May 8 , 1842 , to a visit to England , leaving his brother Junius with his family .
The school 's founder , James Pierpont Greaves , had only recently died but Alcott was invited to stay there for a week .
Up front , he paid $ 1,500 of the total $ 1,800 value of the property ; the rest was meant to be paid by the Alcotts over a two-year period .
Alcott had high expectations but was often away when the community most needed him as he attempted to recruit more members .
The members of the Alcott family were not happy with their Fruitlands experience .
Return to Concord In January 1844 , Alcott moved his family to Still River , a village within Harvard but , on March 1 , 1845 , the family returned to Concord to live in a home they named " The Hillside " ( later renamed " The Wayside " by Nathaniel Hawthorne ) .
Both Emerson and Sam May assisted in securing the home for the Alcotts .
He considered the war a blatant attempt to extend slavery and asked if the country was made up of " a people bent on conquest , on getting the golden treasures of Mexico into our hands , and of subjugating foreign peoples ? "
He had also stood his ground in a protest against the trial of Anthony Burns .
Final years Alcott 's published books , all from late in his life , include Tablets ( 1868 ) , Concord Days ( 1872 ) , New Connecticut ( 1881 ) , and Sonnets and Canzonets ( 1882 ) .
As he was bedridden at the end of his life , Alcott 's daughter Louisa May came to visit him at Louisburg on March 1 , 1888 .
He died three days later on March 4 ; Louisa May died only two days after her father .
Alcott believed that diet held the key to human perfection and connected physical well-being to mental improvement .
The fear of spiders can be treated by any of the general techniques suggested for specific phobias .
In some extreme cases , even a picture or a realistic drawing of a spider can also trigger fear .
Others will do all in their power to distract themselves to avoid seeing the spider .
There is an iOS app currently in development using games and augmented reality to treat arachnophobia .
Etymology The origin of the word alabaster is in Middle English , through Old French alabastre , in turn derived from the Latin alabaster and that from Greek ἀλάβαστρος ( alabastros ) or ἀλάβαστος ( alabastos ) .
The " Oriental " alabaster was highly esteemed for making small perfume bottles or ointment vases called alabastra , the vessel name has been suggested as a possible source of the mineral name .
The finest kind , obtained principally from Castellina , is sent to Florence for figure-sculpture , while the common kinds are carved locally , into vases , lights , and various ornamental objects .
The effect of heating appears to be a partial dehydration of the gypsum .
It was employed , for instance , in Assyrian sculpture .
In this way a very misleading imitation of coral that is called alabaster coral is produced .
Battle of Qarqar The Battle of Qarqar is mentioned in extra-biblical records , and was perhaps at Apamea where Shalmaneser III of Assyria fought a great confederation of princes from Cilicia , Northern Syria , Israel , Ammon , and the tribes of the Syrian desert ( 853 BC ) , including Ahab ( A-ha-ab-bu mat ) ( Adad - ' idri ) .
In reality , however , the number of chariots in Ahab 's forces was probably closer to number in the hundreds ( this due to archaeological excavations of the area and the foundations of stables that had been found ) .
The second encounter is between Ahab and two unnamed prophets in 1 Kings 20:22 .
The fourth encounter is with Micaiah , the prophet who , when asked for advice on a military campaign , first assures Ahab he will be successful and ultimately gives Ahab a glimpse into God 's plan for Ahab to die in battle ( 1 Kings 22 ) .
Jezebel 's death however was not quite as random as Ahab 's .
Essentially , 1 Kings 16:29 through 20:40 is the story of Ahab 's reign .
In 1881 , the Harvard astronomer Edward Charles Pickering presented evidence that Algol was actually an eclipsing binary .
In some binaries similar to Algol , a gas flow can be seen .
The former is thought to be caused by the magnetic fields of the A and B components interacting with the mass transfer .
Algol is located about 92.8 light year s from the Sun , but about 7.3 million years ago it passed within 9.8 light years of the Solar System and its apparent magnitude was about -2.5 , which is considerably brighter than the star Sirius is today .
Algol was also linked with " Lilith " .
However , he continued his slave trading career until 1754 or 1755 , when he ended his seafaring altogether and began studying Christian theology .
In the United States however , " Amazing Grace " was used extensively during the Second Great Awakening in the early 19th century .
It has had particular influence in folk music , and has become an emblematic African American spiritual song . "
After a severe illness his resolve was renewed , yet he retained the same attitude towards slavery as was held by his contemporaries .
He and Polly immersed themselves in the church community , and Newton 's passion was so impressive that his friends suggested he become a priest in the Church of England .
The Earl of Dartmouth , impressed with his story , sponsored Newton for ordination with the Bishop of Lincoln , and offered him the curacy of Olney , Buckinghamshire , in 1764 .
The people were mostly illiterate and many of them were poor .
Critical analysis The general impact of Olney Hymns was immediate and it became a widely popular tool for evangelicals in Britain for many years .
Newton joined forces with a young man named William Wilberforce , the British Member of Parliament who led the Parliamentarian campaign to abolish the slave trade in the British Empire , culminating in the Slave Trade Act 1807 .
The greatest influences in the 19th century that propelled " Amazing Grace " to spread across the U.S. and become a staple of religious services in many denominations and regions were the Second Great Awakening and the development of shape note singing communities .
Witnessing and testifying became an integral component to these meetings , where a congregation member or even a stranger would rise and recount his turn from a sinful life to one of piety and peace . "
It used four sounds to symbolize the basic scale : fa-sol-la-fa-sol-la-mi-fa .
Each sound was accompanied by a specifically shaped note and thus became known as shape note singing .
It was , according to author Steve Turner , a " marriage made in heaven ... The music behind ' amazing ' had a sense of awe to it .
He sings the sixth and fifth verses in that order , and Stowe included another verse not written by Newton that had been passed down orally in African American communities for at least 50 years .
It was originally one of between 50 to 70 verses of a song titled " Jerusalem , My Happy Home " that first appeared in a 1790 book called A Collection of Sacred Ballads : " Amazing Grace " came to be an emblem of a Christian movement and a symbol of the U.S. itself as the country was involved in a great political experiment , attempting to employ democracy as a means of government .
Shape note singing communities , with all the members sitting around an open center , each song employing a different director , illustrated this in practice .
Amazing Grace " is emblematic of several kinds of folk music styles , often used as the standard example to illustrate such musical techniques as lining out and call and response , that have been practiced in both black and white folk music .
Mahalia Jackson 's 1947 version received significant radio airplay , and as her popularity grew throughout the 1950s and 1960s , she often sang it at public events such as concerts at Carnegie Hall .
But I was n't taking any chances . "
Folk singer Judy Collins , who knew the song before she could remember learning it , witnessed Fannie Lou Hamer leading marchers in Mississippi in 1964 , singing " Amazing Grace " .
Although Collins used it as a catharsis for her opposition to the Vietnam War , two years after her rendition , the Royal Scots Dragoon Guards , senior Scottish regiment of the British Army , recorded an instrumental version featuring a bagpipe soloist accompanied by a pipe and drum band .
Funeral processions for killed police , fire , and military personnel have often played a bagpipes version ever since .
Johnny Cash recorded it on his 1975 album Sings Precious Memories , dedicating it to his older brother Jack , who had been killed in a mill accident when they were boys in Dyess , Arkansas .
It has been mass-produced on souvenirs , lent its name to a Superman villain , appeared on The Simpsons to demonstrate the redemption of a murderous character named Sideshow Bob , incorporated into Hare Krishna chants and adapted for Wicca ceremonies .
The 1982 science fiction film Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan used " Amazing Grace " amid a context of Christian symbolism , to memorialize the death of Mr. Spock but more practically , because the song has become " instantly recognizable to many in the audience as music that sounds appropriate for a funeral " according to a Star Trek scholar .
In contrast to Newton 's vision of wretchedness as his willful sin and distance from God , wretchedness has instead come to mean an obstacle of physical , social , or spiritual nature to overcome in order to achieve a state of grace , happiness , or contentment .
James Basker also acknowledged this force when he explained why he chose " Amazing Grace " to represent a collection of anti-slavery poetry : " there is a transformative power that is applicable ... : the transformation of sin and sorrow into grace , of suffering into beauty , of alienation into empathy and connection , of the unspeakable into imaginative literature . "

[[1397]]
AOL was ranked fourth ( behind the Web , email , and graphic user interfaces ) in a 2007 USA Today retrospective on the 25 events that shaped the first 25 years of the Internet and was named to the " .
Other AOL brands include Moviefone , Engadget , Patch Media , Stylelist , MapQuest , Cambio and about .
The announcement of the deal caused AOL shares to rise 36 percent on the morning of the announcement .
On May 24 , 1985 Quantum Computer Services , an online services company was founded by Jim Kimsey from the remnants of Control Video with Kimsey as Chief Executive Officer and Marc Seriff as Chief Technology Officer .
During the early 1990s , the average subscription lasted for about 25 months and accounted for $ 350 in total revenue .
AOL discontinued Q-Link and PC Link in the fall of 1994 .
In late 2005 , AOL released AOL Safety & Security Center , a bundle of McAfee anti-virus , CA anti-spyware , and proprietary firewall and phishing protection software .
News reports in late 2005 identified companies such as Yahoo !
On June 8 , 2006 , AOL offered a new program called AOL Active Security Monitor , a diagnostic tool that checked the local PC 's security status , and recommended additional security software from AOL or Download.com .
As part of the impending move to New York and the restructuring of responsibilities at the Dulles headquarters complex after the Reston move , AOL CEO Randy Falco announced on October 15 , 2007 plans to lay off 2000 employees worldwide by the end of 2007 , beginning " immediately " .
The end result was a near 40 % layoff across the board at AOL .
On April 6 , 2010 , AOL announced plans shut down or sell Bebo ; on June 16 , 2010 , the property was sold to Criterion Capital Partners for an undisclosed amount , believed to be around $ 10 million .
On June 11 , 2009 , AOL had already announced the acquisition of Patch Media , a network of community-specific news and information sites that focuses on individual towns and communities .
On December 12 , 2010 , AOL acquired about . me , a personal profile/identity platform , 4 days after public launch .
First , the company announced that it would offer gross rating point ( GRP ) guarantee for online video , mirroring the TV ratings system and guaranteeing audience delivery for online video advertising campaigns bought across its properties .
The marketing tactic was criticized for its environmental cost , and AOL CDs were recognized as No. 1 on PCWorld ’s top ten list of most annoying tech products .

This calendar era is based on the traditionally reckoned year of the conception or birth of Jesus of Nazareth , with AD counting years from the start of this epoch , and BC denoting years before the start of the era .
However this would mean that the ~ 33 years commonly associated with the life of Jesus would not be present in either BC or AD time scales .
In 1422 , Portugal became the last Western Europe an country to switch to the system begun by Dionysius .
The Gospel of Luke states that Jesus was conceived during the reign of Herod the Great ( i.e. , before 4 BC ) while also stating that Jesus was born when Cyrenius ( or Quirinius ) was the governor of Syria and carried out the census of the Roman provinces of Syria and Iudaea .
Spain and Portugal continued to date by the Era of the Caesars or Spanish Era , which began counting from 38 BC , well into the Middle Ages .
Since 1856 , the alternative abbreviations CE and BCE are sometimes used in place of AD and BC .
[[1404]]
Egbert had been a disciple of the Venerable Bede , who urged him to raise York to an archbishopric .
It was from here that Alcuin drew inspiration for the school he would lead at the Frankish court .
He was never ordained as a priest and there is no real evidence that he became an actual monk , but he lived his life as one .
Alcuin himself was known as ' Albinus ' or ' Flaccus ' .
At the Council of Frankfurt in 794 , Alcuin upheld the orthodox doctrine and obtained the condemnation of the heresiarch Felix of Urgel .
Having failed during his stay in Northumbria to influence King Æthelred in the conduct of his reign , Alcuin never returned home .
Alcuin also developed manuals used in his educational work – a grammar and works on rhetoric and dialectics .
Alcuin is credited with inventing the first known question mark , though it did n't resemble the modern symbol .
Alcuin College , one of the colleges of the University of York , England , is named after him .
They had at least two sons , one of whom , Nithard , became a notable figure in the mid-9th century .
Classes of amines An aliphatic amine has no aromatic ring attached directly to the nitrogen atom .
Aromatic amine s have the nitrogen atom connected to an aromatic ring as in the various aniline s. The aromatic ring decreases the alkalinity of the amine , depending on its substituents .
Thus the boiling point of amines is higher than those of the corresponding phosphine s , but generally lower than those of the corresponding alcohol s. For example , methylamine and ethylamine are gases under standard conditions , whereas the corresponding methyl alcohol and ethyl alcohols are liquids .
Gaseous amines possess a characteristic ammonia smell , liquid amines have a distinctive " fishy " smell .
Quaternary ammonium salts with four distinct groups on the nitrogen are capable of exhibiting optical activity .
Properties as bases Like ammonia , amines are bases .
The lone electron pair is represented in this article by a two dots above or next to the N. The water solubility of simple amines is largely due to hydrogen bonding between protons in the water molecules and these lone electron pairs .
In industry , hydrogen is the preferred reductant , whereas in the laboratory , tin and iron are often employed .
For example , cuprous cyanide gives the corresponding nitriles : Aryldiazonium couple with electron-rich aromatic compounds such as a phenol to form azo compound s. Such reactions are widely applied to the production of dyes .
Many neurotransmitter s are amines , including epinephrine , norepinephrine , dopamine , serotonin , and histamine .
Protonated amino group s ( - NH3 + ) are the most common positively charged moieties in protein s , specifically in the amino acid lysine .
Safety Low molecular weight amines are toxic , and some are easily absorbed through the skin .



The laws of thermodynamics state that absolute zero can not be reached using only thermodynamic means .
This equates to − 459.67 ° on the Fahrenheit scale and 0 R on the Rankine scale .
The perfect order can be represented by translational symmetry along three ( not usually orthogonal ) axes .
For substances which have two ( or more ) stable crystalline forms , such as diamond and graphite for carbon , there is a kind of " chemical degeneracy " .
Bose first sent a paper to Einstein on the quantum statistics of light quanta ( now called photon s ) .
It is noteworthy that this record 's peak emittance black-body wavelength of 6,400 kilometers is roughly the radius of Earth .
Most familiar systems can not achieve negative temperatures because adding energy always increases their entropy .
Some contended an absolute minimum temperature occurred within earth ( as one of the four so-called " elements " ) , others within water , others air , and some more recently within nitre .
Values of this order for the absolute zero were not , however , universally accepted about this period .
It followed from the principles on which this scale was constructed that its zero was placed at − 273.15 ° C , at almost precisely the same point as the zero of the air-thermometer .
The use of laser cooling has produced temperatures less than a billionth of a kelvin .

[[1419]]
An adiabatic process is a process occurring without exchange of heat of a system with its environment .
The adiabatic flame temperature is the temperature that would be achieved by a flame in the absence of heat loss to the surroundings .
Due to this increase in pressure , the parcel 's volume decreases and its temperature increases , thus increasing the internal energy .
There is always some heat loss , as no perfect insulators exist .
This can also be written as Example of adiabatic compression Let 's now look at a common example of adiabatic compression - the compression stroke in a gasoline engine .
The uncompressed gas is at approximately room temperature and pressure ( a warm room temperature of ~ 27 degC or 300 K , and a pressure of 1 bar ~ 100,000 Pa , or about 14.7 PSI , or typical sea-level atmospheric pressure ) .
This is why a high compression engine requires fuels specially formulated to not self-ignite ( which would cause engine knocking when operated under these conditions of temperature and pressure ) , or that a supercharger and intercooler to provide a lower temperature at the same pressure would be advantageous .
A diesel engine operates under even more extreme conditions , with compression ratios of 20:1 or more being typical , in order to provide a very high gas temperature which ensures immediate ignition of injected fuel .
Properties of adiabats on a P-V diagram are : The following diagram is a P-V diagram with a superposition of adiabats and isotherms : The isotherms are the red curves and the adiabats are the black curves .
Functional groups consisting of - P ( O ) NR2 and - SO2NR2 are phosphonamides and sulfonamide s , respectively .
This relative lack of basicity is explained by the electron - withdrawing nature of the carbonyl group where the lone pair of electron s on the nitrogen is delocalized by resonance .
It is estimated in silico that acetamide is represented by resonance structure A for 62 % and by B for 28 % .
In primary and secondary amides , the presence of N-H dipoles allows amides to function as H-bond donors as well .
The proton of a primary or secondary amide does not dissociate readily under normal conditions ; its pKa is usually well above 15 .
Tertiary amides , with the important exception of N,N-dimethylformamide , exhibit low solubility in water .
Many methods are known for driving the unfavorable equilibrium to the right : For the most part , these reactions involve " activating " the carboxylic acid and the best known method , the Schotten-Baumann reaction , which involves conversion of the acid to the acid chloride s : Other methods The seemingly simple direct reaction between an alcohol and an amine to an amide was not tried until 2007 when a special ruthenium - based catalyst was reported to be effective in a so-called dehydrogenative acylation : The generation of hydrogen gas compensates for unfavorable thermodynamics .
Thiols , hydroxyl s and amines are all known to serve as nucleophiles .
Animism ( from Latin animus , - i " soul , life " ) is the religious worldview that natural physical entities — including animal s , plant s , and often even inanimate objects or phenomena — possess a spiritual essence .
These rituals and beliefs eventually evolved over time into the vast array of “ developed ” religions .
World view In many animistic world views found in hunter-gatherer cultures , the human being is often regarded as on a roughly equal footing with other animals , plants , and natural forces .
Some faiths and religions are even both pantheistic and animistic .
Science and animism Some early scientists such as Georg Ernst Stahl ( 1659-1734 ) and Francisque Bouillier ( 1813 – 1899 ) had supported a form of animism which life and mind , the directive principle in evolution and growth , holding that all can not be traced back to chemical and mechanical processes , but that there is a directive force which guides energy without altering its amount .
Werner Krieglstein wrote regarding his quantum animism : The terms animism and panpsychism have become related in recent years .
Sheldrake in his book The Rebirth of Nature : New Science and the Revival of Animism ( 1991 ) has claimed that Morphic fields " animate organisms at all levels of complexity , from galaxies to giraffes , and from ants to atoms " .
Vivaldi had five siblings : Margarita Gabriela , Cecilia Maria , Bonaventura Tomaso , Zanetta Anna , and Francesco Gaetano .
Giovanni Battista was one of the founders of the Sovvegno dei musicisti di Santa Cecilia , an association of musicians .
Vivaldi 's health was problematic .
Rosso " is Italian for " Red " , and would have referred to the colour of his hair , a family trait .
The German architect Johann Friedrich Armand von Uffenbach referred to Vivaldi as " the famous composer and violinist " and said that " Vivaldi played a solo accompaniment excellently , and at the conclusion he added a free fantasy [ an improvised cadenza ] which absolutely astounded me , for it is hardly possible that anyone has ever played , or ever will play , in such a fashion . "
The board had to take a vote every year on whether to keep a teacher .
The work seems to have been written in haste : the string parts are simple , the music of the first three movements is repeated in the next three , and not all the text is set .
There were several theaters competing for the public 's attention .
The latter was so popular that it performed two years later , re-edited and retitled Artabano re dei Parti ( RV 701 , now lost ) .
While Vivaldi certainly composed many operas in his time , he never reached the prominence of other great composers like Alessandro Scarlatti , Johann Adolph Hasse , Leonardo Leo , and Baldassare Galuppi , as evidenced by his inability to keep a production running for any extended period of time in any major opera house .
Three of the concerti are of original conception , while the first , " Spring " , borrows motifs from a Sinfonia in the first act of his contemporaneous opera " Il Giustino " .
The wedding cantata Gloria e Imeneo ( RV 687 ) was written for the marriage of Louis XV .
His compositions were no longer held in such high esteem as they once were in Venice ; changing musical tastes quickly made them outmoded .
The reasons for Vivaldi 's departure from Venice are unclear , but it seems likely that , after the success of his meeting with Emperor Charles VI , he wished to take up the position of a composer in the imperial court .
The engraving , by Francois Morellon La Cave , was made in 1725 and shows Vivaldi holding a sheet of music .
The oil painting , which can be seen in the Liceo Musicale of Bologna , gives us possibly the most accurate picture and shows Vivaldi 's red hair under his blond wig .
He brightened the formal and rhythmic structure of the concerto , in which he looked for harmonic contrasts and innovative melodies and themes ; many of his compositions are flamboyantly , almost playfully , exuberant .
Posthumous reputation During his lifetime , Vivaldi 's popularity quickly made him famous in other countries , including France , where musical taste was less dictated by fashion than elsewhere , but after his death the composer 's popularity dwindled .
The Vivaldi scholar Michael Talbot described RV 807 as " arguably the best nonoperatic work from Vivaldi 's pen to come to light since ... ... the 1920s " .
The music of Vivaldi , Mozart , Tchaikovsky and Corelli has been included in the theories of Alfred Tomatis on the effects of music on human behaviour and used in music therapy .

[[1433]]
Its total length from its source to its junction with the Rhine comprises about 295 km ( 183 miles ) , during which distance it descends , draining an area of , including the whole of central Switzerland .
Between Innertkirchen and Meiringen , the river carves through a limestone ridge in the Aar Gorge or Aareschlucht .
A little past Meiringen , near Brienz , the river expands into Lake Brienz .
Near the west end of the lake it receives its first important tributary , the Lütschine .
[[1435]]
It is a Category A Listed Building .
Into various parts of the fabric were built relics and curiosities from historical structures , such as the doorway of the old Tolbooth in Edinburgh .
The sisters turned the house into one of Scotland 's premier tourist attractions after they had to rely on paying visitors to afford the upkeep of the house .

Abraham ( Hebrew : ) is the founding father of the Israelites , with a prominent role in Judaism , Christianity and Islam .
( ) Following God 's command , at age 75 , Abram took his wife Sarai , his nephew Lot , and the wealth and persons that they had acquired , and traveled to Shechem in Canaan .
Abram and Sarai There was a severe famine in the land of Canaan , so that Abram and Lot and their households , travelled south to Egypt .
However , God afflicted Pharaoh and his household with great plagues , which he tried to find the reason for .
( ) Upon discovering that Sarai was a married woman , Abram 's wife as well as his sister , Pharaoh demanded that they and their household leave immediately , along with all their goods .
( ) Lot and his family , at the time , were settled on the outskirts of the Kingdom of Sodom which made them a visible target .
” ( Genesis 15 ) Abram and Hagar Abram and Sarai tried to make sense of how he would become a progenitor of nations since after 10 years of living in Canaan , no child had been born from Abram 's seed .
En route , an angel of the Lord appeared to Hagar at the well of a spring .
” Abram then received the instructions for the inauguration rite into God 's covenant because the time was approaching for him to have a son by his wife , Sarai .
The initiation rite was that in order to be part of this “ great nation ” , whether by bloodline or inducted , every male must be circumcised ; otherwise it was a breach of contract .
( ) Abraham 's three visitors Not long afterward , during the heat of the day , Abraham had been sitting at the entrance of his tent by the terebinths of Mamre .
For the sake of ten righteous people , God declared that he would not destroy the city .
( ) When the two visitors got to Sodom to conduct their report , they planned on staying in the city square .
In response , God told Abimelech that he did indeed have a blameless heart and that is why he continued to exist .
However , should he not return the wife of Abraham back to him , God would surely destroy Abimelech and his entire household .
Abimelech was informed that Abraham was a prophet who would pray for him .
( Genesis 21:4 ) In doing so , the second son of Abraham became the first to undergo the covenant-sign of circumcision at the age God had commanded .
Every one that heareth will laugh with me . "
The two other major textual traditions have different dates , the translated Greek Septuagint putting it at 3312 AM and the Samaritan version of the Torah at 2247 AM .
Just to the right of the middle is Daniel in the lion 's den and on the left is Abraham about to sacrifice Isaac .
This sculpture depicts the dilemma faced by Abraham when Sarah demanded that he expel Hagar and Ishmael .
In each stanza , someone describes an unusual problem that is ultimately resolved on Highway 61 .
In Stanza 1 , God tells Abraham to " kill me a son " .
It was engraved on certain antique gemstones , called on that account Abraxas stones , which were used as amulets or charms .
Opinions abound on Abraxas , who in recent centuries has been claimed to be both an Egypt ian god and a demon .
probably ton archon ta ] of the 365 heavens " is Abraxas , and for this reason he contains within himself 365 numbers . "
in Amos iii .
This form was also referred to as the Anguipede .
In the group " Iakoubia , Iaosabaoth Adonai Abrasax , " the first name seems to be composed of Jacob and Ya .
This word is usually conceded to be derived from the Hebrew ( Aramaic ) , meaning " Thou art our father " ( אב לן את ) , and also occurs in connection with Abrasax ; the following inscription is found upon a metal plate in the Carlsruhe Museum : АВРАΣАΞΑΒΛΑΝΑΘ ΑΝΑΛΒΑ Origin In the absence of other evidence to show the origin of these curious relics of antiquity the occurrence of a name known as Basilidian on patristic authority has not unnaturally been taken as a sufficient mark of origin , and the early collectors and critics assumed this whole group to be the work of Gnostics .
xcf | plaque 147 File : Montfaucon Abraxas Plaque 148 .
i. 24 ) refers to the ' potent names ' used by Egyptian sages , Persia n Magi , and Indian Brahmin s , signifying deities in the several languages .
Such magnificence produced the desired effect upon the hearts of the young aristocrats of the royal city ( 2 Samuel 15:1 ) .
The Battle of Ephraim Wood A fateful battle was fought in the Wood of Ephraim ( the name suggests a locality west of the Jordan ) and Absalom 's army was completely routed .


Considered one of the most important archaeological sites in Egypt , the sacred city of Abydos was the site of many ancient temples , including Umm el-Qa ' ab , a royal necropolis where early pharaohs were entombed .
The English name comes from the Greek Άβυδος , a name borrowed by Greek geographers from the unrelated city of Abydos on the Hellespont .
It was in this time period that the Abydos boats were constructed .
The temple was renewed and enlarged by these pharaohs as well .
Merneptah added the Osireion just to the north of the temple of Seti .
Incorporating one wall of this first structure , the second temple of about 40 ft ( 12 m ) square was built within a wall about 10 ft ( 3 m ) thick .
A vase of Menes with purple hieroglyphs inlaid into a green glaze and tiles with relief figures are the most important pieces found .
The probable tomb of Menes is of the latter size .
The seals of various officials , of which over 200 varieties have been found , give an insight into the public arrangements .
The cemetery of private persons began during the first dynasty with some pit-tombs in the town .
Abydos was first mentioned in the catalogue of Trojan allies ( Iliad ii .836 ) .
It is famed in myth as the home of Leander .
Acacia ( or ) , also known as a thorntree , whistling thorn or wattle , is a genus of shrubs and trees belonging to the subfamily Mimosoideae of the family Fabaceae , first described in Africa by the Swedish botanist Carl Linnaeus in 1773 .
They are pod - bearing , with sap and leaves typically bearing large amounts of tannin s and condensed tannin s that historically in many species found use as pharmaceuticals and preservatives .
That decision has led a group of taxonomists to decide to continue to use the traditional Acacia sensu lato circumscription of the genus .
The plants often bear spines , especially those species growing in arid regions .
Guaje seeds are about the size of a small lima bean and are eaten raw with guacamole , sometimes cooked and made into a sauce .
Acacia is used in incense mainly in India , Nepal , and China including in its Tibet region .
This is suitable in lightweight offset papers used for bibles and dictionaries .
Land reclamation Acacia can be planted for erosion control , especially after mining or construction damage .
Some Acacia species containing cyanogens : Famous acacia Perhaps the most famous acacia is the Arbre du Ténéré in Niger .
The city of Acapulco is the largest in the state , far larger than the state capital Chilpancingo .
The name " Acapulco " comes from Nahuatl language Aca-pōl-co , and means " where were destroyed or washed away the reeds " .
In Acapulco bay itself , there were two Olmec sites , one by Playa Larga and the other on a hill known as El Guitarrón .
Spanish trade in the Far East would give Acapulco a prominent position in the economy of New Spain .
At the beginning of the 19th century , King Charles IV declared Acapulco a Ciudad Official and it became an essential part of the Spanish Crown .
In 1810 , José María Morelos y Pavón attacked and burnt down the city , after he defeated royalist commander Francisco Parés at the Battle of Tres Palos .
Acapulco 's importance as a port recovered during the California Gold Rush in the mid-19th century , with ships going to and coming from Panama stopping here .
In 1958 , The Diocese of Acapulco was created by Pope Pius XII .
The journey takes only about three and a half hours , making Acapulco a favorite weekend destination for Mexico City inhabitants .
In the second incident , the headless bodies of 15 young men were found dumped near the Plaza Senderos shopping center .
There are also two small lagoons , Tres Palos and Coyuca .
Tropical Storms and Hurricanes are threat from May through November .
Fauna consists mostly of deer , small mammals , a wide variety of both land and sea birds , as well as marine animals such as turtles .
Industrial production is limited mostly to bottling , milk products , cement products , and ice and energy production .
But in modern times , tourists in Acapulco have been facing problems with local corrupt police who steal money by extortion and intimidate visitors with threats of jail .
From November to April , luxury liners stop here daily and include ships such as the MS Queen Victoria , the MS Rotterdam , Crystal Harmony as well as all the Princess line ships .
The reason trash winds up in the bay is that it is common here to throw it in streets , rivers and the bay itself .
In addition , there is the beach bar zone , where younger crowds go .
These are located along the Costera road , face the ocean and feature techno or alternative rock .
The spectacle can be seen from a public area which charges a small fee or from the Hotel Plaza Las Glorias/El Mirador from its bar or restaurant terrace .
One popular cruise is from Caletilla Beach to Roqueta Island , which has places to snorkel , have lunch , visit a small zoo and a lighthouse .
The Centro Internacional de Convivencia Infantial or CICI is a sea-life and aquatic park located on Costera Aleman .
The home is not a museum , so only the outside murals are able to be seen by the public .
Most of the plants here are native to the region , and many , such as the Peltogyne mexicana or purple stick tree , are in danger of extinction .
The annual French Festival takes place throughout Acapulco city and offers a multitude of events that cement cultural links between Mexico and France .
This has become attractive since the 1990s , especially since more traditional spring-break places such as Daytona Beach , Florida , have enacted restrictions on drinking and other behaviors .
Hotels did not get that many in 2009 , due mostly to the economic situation in the United States , and partially because of scares of drug-related violence .
In February 2009 , the US State Department issued a travel alert directed at college students planning spring-break trips to Acapulco .
The New York Times tracked the travels of a Penn student on spring break in Acapulco just a week after the dissemination of the email , while Bill O'Reilly devoted a segment of his show , The O'Reilly Factor , to urge students to stay away from Acapulco .
Transportation From the U.S. , many airlines now fly to Juan N. Álvarez International Airport year-round .
Alan Curtis Kay ( born May 17 , 1940 ) is an American computer scientist , known for his early pioneering work on object-oriented programming and windowing graphical user interface design , and for coining the phrase , " The best way to predict the future is to invent it . "
In 1968 , he met Seymour Papert and learned of the Logo programming language , a dialect of Lisp optimized for education al use .
Kay is one of the fathers of the idea of object-oriented programming , which he named , along with some colleagues at PARC and predecessors at the Norwegian Computing Center .
Because the Dynabook was conceived as an educational platform , Kay is considered to be one of the first researchers into mobile learning , and indeed , many features of the Dynabook concept have been adopted in the design of the One Laptop Per Child educational platform , with which Kay is actively involved .
As part of this effort , in November 1996 , his team began research on what became the Etoys system .
Children 's Machine In November 2005 , at the World Summit on the Information Society , the MIT research laboratories unveiled a new laptop computer , for educational use around the world .
It has many names : the $ 100 Laptop , the One Laptop per Child program , the Children 's Machine , and the XO-1 .
20K LOC ? "

APL has a combination of unique and relatively uncommon features that appeal to programmers and make it a productive programming language : APL is used in scientific , actuarial , statistical , and financial applications where it is used by practitioners for their own work and by programmers to develop commercial applications .
It has also inspired several other programming languages .
In 1960 , he began work for IBM and , working with Adin Falkoff , created APL based on the notation he had developed .
Published in 1962 , the notation described in A Programming Language was recognizable yet distinct from later APL .
One of the motivations for this focus of implementation was the interest of John L. Lawrence who had new duties with Science Research Associates , an educational company bought by IBM in 1964 .
This work was finished in late 1965 and later known as IVSYS ( Iverson System ) .
The basis of this implementation was described in detail by Abrams in a Stanford University Technical Report , " An Interpreter for Iverson Notation " in 1966 .
This was used on paper printing terminal workstations using the Selectric typewriter and typeball mechanism , such as the IBM 1050 and IBM 2741 terminal .
IBM was chiefly responsible for the introduction of APL to the marketplace .
APL gained its foothold on mainframe timesharing systems from the late 1960s through the early 1980s , in part because it would run on lower-specification systems that were not equipped with Dynamic Address Translation hardware .
In 1973-1974 , Dr. Patrick E. Hagerty directed the implementation of the University of Maryland APL interpreter for the Sperry Univac 1100 Series mainframe computers .
Garth Foster of Syracuse University sponsored regular meetings of the APL implementers ' community at Syracuse 's Minnowbrook Conference Center in rural upstate New York .
The SIGAPL special interest group of the Association for Computing Machinery continues to support the APL community .
The APL2 Workstation edition ( Windows , OS/2 , AIX , Linux , and Solaris ) followed much later in the early 1990s .
In 1977 , the Canadian firm Telecompute Integrated Systems , Inc. released a business-oriented APL interpreter known as TIS APL , for Z80-based systems .
It featured the full set of file functions for APL , plus a full screen input and switching of right and left arguments for most dyadic operators by introducing the ~ .
At one stage , it was claimed by Bill Gates in his Open Letter to Hobbyists , Microsoft Corporation planned to release a version of APL , but these plans never materialized .
An early 1978 publication of Rodnay Zaks from Sybex was A microprogrammed APL implementation ISBN 0-89588-005-9 , which is the complete source listing for the microcode for a Digital Scientific Corporation Meta 4 microprogrammable processor implementing APL .
In a workspace the user can define programs and data , i.e. the data values exist also outside the programs , and the user can manipulate the data without the necessity to define a program .
Because of the unusual character set , many programmers use special keyboards with APL keytops for authoring APL code .
Also , being compact and terse , APL lends itself well to larger scale software development as complexity arising from a large number of lines of code can be dramatically reduced .
Comparatively little APL activity takes place today on mainframe computers .
APL2000 's product is an advanced continuation of STSC 's successful APL * Plus/PC and APL * Plus/386 product line .
Dyalog APL is an advanced APL interpreter that operates under Linux , Unix , and Windows .
In reality , most APL compilers translated source APL to a lower level language such as C , leaving the machine-specific details to the lower level compiler .
The translator would emit C code which could then be compiled and run well outside of the APL workspace .
The Burroughs/Unisys APLB interpreter ( 1982 ) was the first to use dynamic incremental compilation to produce code for an APL-specific virtual machine .
It recompiled on-the-fly as identifiers changed their functional meanings .
APEX compiles flat APL ( a subset of ISO N8485 ) into SAC , a functional array language with parallel semantics , and currently runs under Linux .
This product was designed to allow the APL code , translated to equivalent C # , to run completely outside of the APL environment .
20 " to roll a twenty-sided die .
The following expression finds all prime number s from 1 to R. In both time and space , the calculation complexity is O ( R ^ 2 ) \ , \ !
Over time , with the universal use of high-quality graphic display , printing devices and Unicode support , the APL character font problem has largely been eliminated ; however , the problem of entering APL characters requires the use of input method editor s or special keyboard mappings , which may frustrate beginners accustomed to other programming languages .
Before the advent of full-screen systems and until as late as the mid-1980s , systems were written such that the user entered instructions in his own business specific vocabulary .
One of the first commercial computer graphics houses , Digital Effects , based in New York City , produced an APL graphics product known as " Visions " , which was used to create television commercials and , reportedly , animation for the 1982 film Tron .
It specified three different syntaxes : a reference syntax , a publication syntax , and an implementation syntax .
Its use in commercial applications was hindered by the absence of standard input/output facilities in its description and the lack of interest in the language by large computer vendors other than Burroughs Corporation .
The Scheme programming language , a variant of Lisp that adopted the block structure and lexical scope of ALGOL , also adopted the wording " Revised Report on the Algorithmic Language Scheme " for its standards documents in homage to ALGOL .
IAL implementations timeline To date there have been at least 70 augmentations , extensions , derivations and sublanguages of Algol 60 .
The Burroughs dialects included special Bootstrapping dialects such as ESPOL and NEWP .
Call-by-name had certain limitations in contrast to call-by-reference , making it an undesirable feature in imperative language design .
floating point algol68 test : ( real a , b , c , d ; printf ( ( $ pg $ , " Enter d : " ) ) ; read ( d ) ; for step from 0 while a : = step * d ; a ) ; END .
Elliott Algol used different characters for " open-string-quote " and " close-string-quote " : program HiFolks ; begin print ‘ Hello world ’ ; end ; Here 's a version for the Elliott 803 Algol ( A104 ) The standard Elliott 803 used 5 hole paper tape and thus only had upper case .
Output was to a line printer . '
BEGIN ' ' WRITE TEXT ' ( " HELLO WORLD " ) ; ' END ' ALGOL 68 ALGOL 68 code was published with reserved words typically in lowercase , but bolded or underlined .

The name is not commonly pronounced as a string of separate letters but rather as an acronym , to sound the same as the name of the bird , auk ( which acts as an emblem of the language such as on The AWK Programming Language book cover - the book is often referred to by the abbreviation TAPL ) .
When written in all lowercase letters , as awk , it refers to the Unix or Plan 9 program that runs scripts written in the AWK programming language .
It is one of the mandatory utilities of the Single UNIX Specification ; required by the Linux Standard Base specification — and implementations of AWK exist for almost all other operating systems .
As handy syntactic sugar , / regexp / without using the tilde operator matches against the current record .
Double quotes delimit string constants .
Here is an example of a function .
$ is actually a unary operator with the highest operator precedence .
( Concatenating an empty string is to coerce from a number to a string , e.g. s " " .
The action statement prints each line numbered .
Similarly , if the second part is constantly false , e.g. 0 , the range continues until the end of input : / ^ -- cut here -- $ / , 0 prints lines of input from the first line matching the regular expression ^ -- cut here -- $ , that is , a line containing only the phrase " -- cut here -- " , to the end .
The loop thus prints out each word followed by its frequency count .
Match pattern from command line This program can be represented in several ways .
FILENAME contains the current filename .
$ 0 expands to the original unchanged input line .
This shell script accesses the environment directly from within awk : pattern = $ 1 shift awk ' $ 0 ~ ENVIRON [ " pattern " ] ' " $ @ " This is a shell script that uses ENVIRON , an array introduced in a newer version of the One True awk after the book was published .
The shell script makes an environment variable pattern containing the first argument , then drops that argument and has awk look for the pattern in each file .
Finally , this is written in pure awk , without help from a shell or without the need to know too much about the implementation of the awk script ( as the variable assignment on command line one does ) , but is a bit lengthy : BEGIN $ 0 ~ pattern The BEGIN is necessary not only to extract the first argument , but also to prevent it from being interpreted as a filename after the BEGIN block ends .
For example , a script called hello .
may be built by creating a file named hello .

Poetic Edda Völuspá , the first poem of the work , mentions many of the features and characters of Asgard portrayed by Snorri , such as Yggdrasil and Iðavöllr .
Correspondingly , the Æsir excelled beyond all other people in strength , beauty and talent .
Gylfaginning In Gylfaginning , Snorri presents the mythological version taken no doubt from his sources .
He was the ruler of everything and the creator of heaven and earth ( Section 3 ) .
Most of the Æsir will die and Asgard be destroyed .
Snorri quotes his own source saying : " The sun will go black , earth sink in the sea , heaven be stripped of its bright stars ; .... " ( Section 56 ) .
Odin is the chief of Asagarth .
When he is away , his two brothers , Vili and Vé , rule Asaland from Asagarth .
On the north are the unihabitable fells , which must be the tundra/taiga country .
Troy can not have been Asagarth , Snorri realizes , the reason being that the Æsir in Asaland were unsettled by the military activities of the Romans ; that is , of the Byzantine Empire .
They used the Viking route up the Don and the Volga through Garðaríki , Viking Russia .
To what extent Snorri 's presentation is poetic creation only remains unclear .

The Apollo program was the third human spaceflight program carried out by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) , the United States ' civilian space agency .
Kennedy even came close to agreeing to a joint US-USSR Moon mission , to eliminate duplication of effort .
In September 1962 , by which time two Project Mercury astronauts had orbited the Earth , Gilruth had moved his organization to rented space in Houston , and construction of the MSC facility was under way , Kennedy visited Rice to reiterate his challenge in a famous speech : The MSC was completed in September 1963 .
The LOC included Launch Complex 39 , a Launch Control Center , and a 130 million cubic foot ( 3.7 million cubic meter ) Vehicle Assembly Building in which the space vehicle ( launch vehicle and spacecraft ) would be assembled on a Mobile Launcher Platform and then moved by a transporter to one of several launch pads .
While the ad-hoc committee was intended to provide a recommendation on the boosters to be used in the Apollo program , it recognized that the mode decision was an important part of this question .
The final choice of lunar orbit rendezvous changed the CSM 's role to a translunar ferry used to transport the crew and a new spacecraft , the Lunar Excursion Module ( LEM , later shortened to Lunar Module , LM ) , which would take two men to the lunar surface and return them to the CSM .
North American Aviation won the contract to build the CSM , and also the second stage of the Saturn V launch vehicle for NASA .
A 1964 program definition study concluded that the initial design should be continued as Block I which would be used for early testing , while Block II , the actual lunar spacecraft , would incorporate the docking equipment and take advantage of the lessons learned in Block I development .
However , a size bigger than the NAA Little Joe would be required , so the Little Joe II was built by General Dynamics / Convair .
After an August , 1963 qualification test flight , four LES test flights ( A-001 through 004 ) were made at the White Sands Missile Range between May 1964 and January 1966 .
Astronauts NASA 's Director of Flight Crew Operations during the Apollo program was Donald K. " Deke " Slayton , one of the original Mercury Seven astronauts who was medically grounded in September 1962 due to a heart murmur .
Of the 32 , Gus Grissom , Edward H. White , and Roger Chaffee were killed during a ground test in preparation for their Apollo 1 mission .
The CMP moves the CSM out a safe distance , and turns 180 ° .
png | '' ' Powered descent '' ' At perilune , the descent engine fires again to start the descent .
File : apollo11-11 .
File : apollo11-15 .
png | Lunar flight profile ( distances not to scale ) .
The second , AS-202 on August 25 , reached altitude and was recovered downrange in the Pacific ocean .
North American Aviation was prime contractor not only for the Apollo CSM , but for the Saturn V S-II second stage as well , and delays in this stage pushed the first unmanned Saturn V flight AS-501 from late 1966 to November 1967 .
Phillips documented his findings in a December 19 letter to NAA president Lee Atwood , with a strongly worded letter by Mueller , and also gave a presentation of the results to Mueller and Deputy Administrator Robert Seamans .
Then , communications problems frustrated the astronauts and forced a hold in the simulated countdown .
Webb also reassigned Apollo Spacecraft Program Office ( ASPO ) Manager Joseph Francis Shea , replacing him with George Low .
In September 1967 , Mueller approved a sequence of mission types which had to be successfully accomplished in order to achieve the manned lunar landing .
Two S-II engines shut down prematurely , but the remaining engines were able to compensate .
Rather than waste the Saturn V on another simple Earth-orbiting mission , ASPO Manager George Low suggested the bold step of sending Apollo 8 to orbit the Moon instead , deferring the D mission to the next mission in March 1969 , and eliminating the E mission .
| alt = Composite image of 6 production manned Apollo lunar landing mission patches , from Apollo 12 to Apollo 17 .
On one , they walked to the Surveyor , photographed it , and removed some parts which they returned to Earth .
In over 18 hours of EVA , they collected about of lunar material .
The crew was commanded by John Young , with Ken Mattingly and Charles Duke .
A geochemical component called KREEP was discovered that has no known terrestrial counterpart .
The total came to $ 23.9 billion , itemized as follows : The final cost of project Apollo was reported to Congress as $ 25.4 billion in 1973 .
This study was followed by design of a larger orbital workshop to be built in orbit from an empty S-IVB Saturn upper stage , and grew into the Apollo Applications Program ( AAP ) .
Dubbed Skylab , it was constructed complete on the ground rather than in space , and launched in 1973 using the two lower stages of a Saturn V. It was equipped with an Apollo Telescope Mount , the solar telescope that would have been used on the Apollo Telescope Missions .
The flight computer design used in both the lunar and command modules was , along with the Minuteman Missile System , the driving force behind early research into integrated circuit s. Computer-controlled machining was first used in the fabrication of Apollo structural components .
With a budget of $ 230,000 , the surviving original lunar broadcast data from Apollo 11 was compiled by Nafzger and assigned to Lowry Digital for restoration .
The restored video , remaining in black and white , contains conservative digital enhancements and did not include sound quality improvements .
An assault is carried out by a threat of bodily harm coupled with an apparent , present ability to cause the harm .
Defenses Although the range and precise application of defenses varies between jurisdictions , the following represents a list of the defenses that may apply to all levels of assault : Consent Exceptions exist to cover unsolicited physical contact which amount to normal social behavior known as de minimis harm .
In some jurisdictions , most notably England , it is not a defense where the degree of injury is severe , as long as there is no legally recognized good reason for the assault .
This defense is not universal : in New Zealand ( for example ) homeowners have been convicted of assault for attacking burglars .
Police Officers can arrest someone without a warrant for an Assault if it is in the public 's interest to do so notwithstanding S. 495 ( 2 ) ( d ) of the Code .
Republic of Ireland Section 2 of the Non-Fatal Offences against the Person Act 1997 creates the offence of assault , and section 3 of that Act creates the offence of assault causing harm .
South Africa South African law does not draw the distinction between assault and battery .
United States American common law has defined assault as an attempt to commit a battery .
Four elements were required at common law : Simple assault can be distinguished without the intent of injury upon another person .
The violation of one 's personal space or touching in a way the victim deemed inappropriate can be simple assault .
As the criminal law evolved , element one was weakened in most jurisdictions so that a reasonable fear of bodily injury would suffice .
The eddic poem Grímnismál describes twelve divine dwellings beginning in stanza 5 with : Ýdalir call they the place where Ull A hall for himself hath set ; And Álfheim the gods to Frey once gave As a tooth-gift in ancient times .
In Icelandic books called Kjalnesingasaga ( Kjalnesing stories ) , Búi , 13 year old enters Álfheimr in order to find a token , property of Dofri , king of the elves .
Etymology Old Norse askr literally means " ash tree " but the etymology of embla is uncertain , and two possibilities of the meaning of embla are generally proposed .
One of the three gave them the breath of life , the second gave them movement and intelligence , and the third gave them shape , speech , hearing and sight .
Theories A Proto-Indo-European basis has been theorized for the duo based on the etymology of embla meaning " vine . "
Vines were used as a flammable wood , where they were placed beneath a drill made of harder wood , resulting in fire .
The name Ambri , like Embla , likely derives from * Ambilō .
The river flows west to Selma , then southwest until , about from Mobile , it unites with the Tombigbee , forming the Mobile and Tensaw rivers , which discharge into Mobile Bay .
His exact date of death remains unclear as well , with most research pointing toward it being between April 14 , 1202 , and April 5 , 1203 .
This is known through the writings of John of Salisbury , who is thought to have been a near exact contemporary student of Alan of Lille .
Though the only accounts of his lectures seem to show a sort of eccentric style and approach , he was said to have been good friends with many other masters at the school in Paris , and taught there , as well as some time in southern France , into his old age .
This bold attempt is entirely factitious and verbal , and it is only his employment of various terms not generally used in such a connection ( axiom , theorem , corollary , etc. ) that gives his treatise its apparent originality .
She has only the ability to create a soulless body , and thus she is “ persuaded to undertake the journey to heaven to ask for a soul , ” and “ the Seven Liberal Arts produce a chariot for her ... the Five Senses are the horses ” .
In 496 , the Alemanni were conquered by Frankish leader Clovis and incorporated into his dominions .
The legacy of the Alemanni survives in the names of Germany in several languages .
This was the derivation of Alemanni used by Edward Gibbon , in his Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire and by the anonymous contributor of notes assembled from the papers of Nicolas Fréret , published in 1753 , who noted that it was the name used by outsiders for those who called themselves the Suevi .
At that time they apparently dwelt in the basin of the Main , to the south of the Chatti .
True or not , Caracalla , pursued by devils of his own , left Rome never to return .
Most of the Alemanni were probably at the time in fact resident in or close to the borders of Germania Superior .
By 100 Trajan was back in Rome as Emperor instead of merely being a Consul .
After efforts to secure a peaceful withdrawal failed , Claudius forced the Alemanni to battle at the Battle of Lake Benacus in November .
The Alemanni were routed , forced back into Germany , and did not threaten Roman territory for many years afterwards .
On January 2 , 366 , the Alemanni yet again crossed the frozen Rhine in large numbers , to invade the Gallic provinces , this time being defeated by Valentinian ( see Battle of Solicinium ) .
Culture Language The German spoken today over the range of the former Alemanni is termed Alemannic German , and is recognised among the subgroups of the High German languages .
Religion The Christianization of the Alemanni took place during Merovingian times ( 6th to 8th centuries ) .
From c. the 520s to the 620s , there was a surge of Alemannic Elder Futhark inscriptions .
In any case , it existed by 635 , when Gunzo appointed John of Grab bishop .
See also References Further reading External links

Alfred Russel Wallace , OM , FRS ( 8 January 1823 – 7 November 1913 ) was a British naturalist , explorer , geographer , anthropologist and biologist .
In addition to his scientific work , he was a social activist who was critical of what he considered to be an unjust social and economic system in 19th-century Britain .
By the end of 1843 , William 's business had declined due to difficult economic conditions , and Wallace , at the age of 20 , left in January .
After a couple of months , Wallace found work as a civil engineer for a nearby firm that was working on a survey for a proposed railway in the Vale of Neath .
Wallace was able to persuade his brother John to join him in starting another architecture and civil engineering firm , which carried out a number of projects , including the design of a building for the Neath Mechanics ' Institute , founded in 1843 .
Their intention was to collect insects and other animal specimens in the Amazon rainforest and sell them to collectors back in the United Kingdom .
All of the specimens Wallace had on the ship , mostly collected during the last , and most interesting , years of his trip , were lost .
Darwin was very aware of Wallace 's financial difficulties and lobbied long and hard to get Wallace awarded a government pension for his lifetime contributions to science .
In 1881 , Wallace was elected as the first president of the newly formed Land Nationalisation Society .
In November 1886 , Wallace began a ten-month trip to the United States to give a series of popular lectures .
He also employed graphologist Beverley East to verify the handwriting on the collection .
Another commentator in the same edition said " No apology need be made for the few literary or scientific follies of the author of that great book on the ' Malay Archipelago ' . "
Several prominent British scientists formed a committee to have a medallion of Wallace placed in Westminster Abbey near where Darwin had been buried .
Wallace said in his autobiography that he was on the island of Ternate at the time ; but historians have questioned this , saying that on the basis of the journal he kept at the time , he was on the island of Gilolo .
And the answer was clearly , on the whole the best fitted live ... and considering the amount of individual variation that my experience as a collector had shown me to exist , then it followed that all the changes necessary for the adaptation of the species to the changing conditions would be brought about ... In this way every part of an animals organization could be modified exactly as required , and in the very process of this modification the unmodified would die out , and thus the definite characters and the clear isolation of each new species would be explained .
Wallace had not asked for publication of his essay , but publishing the contents of letters from far-off naturalists was a common event in those times .
However , the joint reading of their papers on natural selection associated Wallace with the more famous Darwin .
In his 1878 book Tropical Nature and Other Essays , he wrote extensively on the colouration of animals and plants and proposed alternative explanations for a number of cases Darwin had attributed to sexual selection .
In 1890 , he wrote a critical review in Nature of his friend Edward Bagnall Poulton 's The Colours of Animals which supported Darwin on sexual selection , attacking especially Poulton 's claims on the " æsthetic preferences of the insect world " .
The second was the introduction of consciousness in the higher animals .
As the historian of science Michael Shermer has stated , Wallace 's views in this area were at odds with two major tenets of the emerging Darwinian philosophy , which were that evolution was not teleological ( purpose driven ) and that it was not anthropocentric ( human centered ) .
Of all Wallace 's books , it is the most cited by scholarly publications .
These included the effects of the appearance and disappearance of land bridges ( such as the one currently connecting North America and South America ) and the effects of periods of increased glaciation .
The resulting two-volume work , The Geographical Distribution of Animals , was published in 1876 and would serve as the definitive text on zoogeography for the next 80 years .
When this was destroyed , the heavy tropical rains soon washed away the soil , and has left a vast expanse of bare rock or sterile clay .
They were , however , aided by the reckless waste of man .
His treatment of Mars in this book was brief , and in 1907 , Wallace returned to the subject with a book Is Mars Habitable ?
I will pass over as utterly contemptible the oft-repeated accusation that sceptics shut out evidence because they will not be governed by the morality of Christianity ... I am thankful I can see much to admire in all religions .
He used some of his students in Leicester as subjects , with considerable success .
The whole history of science shows us that whenever the educated and scientific men of any age have denied the facts of other investigators on a priori grounds of absurdity or impossibility , the deniers have always been wrong .
It has been suggested by one biographer that the emotional shock he had received a few months earlier , when his first fiancée broke their engagement , contributed to his receptiveness to spiritualism .
However , several scholars who have researched Wallace 's views in depth have emphasised that , for him , spiritualism was a matter of science and philosophy rather than religious belief .
Wallace won multiple libel suits against Hampden , but the resulting litigation cost Wallace more than the amount of the wager and the controversy frustrated him for years .
Wallace originally saw the issue as a matter of personal liberty ; but , after studying some of the statistics provided by anti-vaccination activists , he began to question the efficacy of vaccination .
For a long time , he was treated as a relatively obscure figure in the history of science .
Labor 's constitution states : " The Australian Labor Party is a democratic socialist party and has the objective of the democratic socialisation of industry , production , distribution and exchange , to the extent necessary to eliminate exploitation and other anti-social features in these fields . "
The state branches were also successful , except in Victoria , where the strength of Deakinite liberalism inhibited the party 's growth .
In addition , many members from the working class supported the liberal notion of free trade between the colonies – in the first grouping of state MPs , 17 of the 35 were free-traders .
Labor has at various times supported high tariff s and low tariffs , conscription and pacifism , White Australia and multiculturalism , nationalisation and privatisation , isolationism and internationalism .
While it is standard practice in Australian English both today and at the time to spell the word labour with a " u " , the party was influenced by the United States labour movement and a prominent figure in the early history of the party , the American – born King O'Malley , was successful in having the spelling " modernised " .
The change also made it easier to distinguish references to the party from the labour movement in general .
Whitlam remains the only Prime Minister to have his commission terminated in that manner .
The Rudd Government ended prior to the 2010 election with the replacement of Rudd as leader of the Party by deputy leader Julia Gillard .
The Gillard Government was commissioned to govern in a hung parliament following the 2010 election with a one-seat parliamentary majority and 50.12 percent of the two-party vote .
The first federal Labor Party led by Chris Watson , holding the balance of power ( Watson being prime minister for four months in 1904 ) , was very influential in Edmund Barton and Alfred Deakin Protectionist Party government policy since the beginning of the Parliament of Australia in 1901 .
The National Party of Australia ( then Country Party ) started contesting elections from the 1918 Swan by-election , after which full-preference instant-runoff voting was introduced by the Nationalist Party government .
As such , Labor would remain without workable lower/upper house majorities on the floor until the 1940s .
Curtin led federal Labor to the greatest win of an Australian federal political party with two thirds of seats in the lower house and 58.2 percent of the two-party preferred vote at the 1943 election , and a Senate majority .
Superannuation in Australia was implemented with a nine percent employer contribution .
The party holds a national conference every three years , which consists of delegates representing the state and territory branches ( many coming from affiliated trade unions , although there is no formal requirement for unions to be represented at the national conference ) .
The current national president is Jenny McAllister , the national vice-presidents are Tony Sheldon and Jane Garrett .
On some issues , such as opposition to the Howard Government 's industrial relations policy , all the unions were in agreement and worked as a bloc within the party .
A particularly fierce preselection sometimes gives rise to accusations of branch stacking ( signing up large numbers of nominal party members to vote in preselection ballots ) , personation , multiple voting and , on occasions , fraudulent electoral enrolment .
ALP federal parliamentary leaders ALP federal deputy parliamentary leaders ALP state and territory parliamentary leaders Current Past premiers and chief ministers Northern Territory Australian Capital Territory New South Wales see also Leader of the Australian Labor Party in New South Wales Queensland South Australia Tasmania Victoria Western Australia Other past Labor politicians See Category : Australian Labor Party politiciansFor current ALP federal politicians , see : See also References External links Notes
[[1497]]

However this leaves no prize for herself .



Albert Alcibiades ( ) ( 28 March 1522 – 8 January 1557 ) was a Margrave of Brandenburg-Kulmbach , also known as Brandenburg-Bayreuth .
The Peace of Crépy in September 1544 deprived him of this employment , but he had won a considerable reputation , and when Charles was preparing to attack the Schmalkaldic League , he took pains to win Albert 's assistance .
In 1158 a feud with Henry 's son , Henry the Lion , Duke of Saxony , was interrupted by a pilgrimage to the Holy Land .
Family and children Albert was married in 1124 to Sophie of Winzenburg ( died 25 March 1160 ) and they had the following children : Ancestry External links
Halle became Protestant and in 1542 Jonas was appointed as priest to St. Mary 's and in 1544 bishop over the city .
Albert of Prussia ( 17 May 1490 – 20 March 1568 ) was the last Grand Master of the Teutonic Knights , who after converting to Lutheranism , became the first monarch of the Duchy of Prussia , the secularized state that emerged out of the former Monastic State of the Teutonic Knights .
He promoted culture and arts , patronising the works of Erasmus Reinhold and Caspar Hennenberger .
His mother was Sophia , daughter of Casimir IV Jagiellon , Grand Duke of Lithuania and King of Poland , and his wife Elisabeth of Austria .
His career was forwarded by the Church however and institutions of the Catholic clerics supported his early advance .
As war over the Order 's existence appeared inevitable , Albert made strenuous efforts to secure allies and carried on protracted negotiations with Emperor Maximilian I. The ill-feeling , influenced by the ravages of members of the Order in Poland , culminated in a war which began in December 1519 and devastated Prussia .
Albert was granted a four-year truce early in 1521 .
Duke in Prussia After some delay Sigismund assented to the offer , with the provision that Prussia should be treated as a Polish fiefdom ; and after this arrangement had been confirmed by a treaty concluded at Kraków , Albert pledged a personal oath to Sigismund I and was invested with the duchy for himself and his heirs on 10 February 1525 .
Albert also paid for the printing of the Astronomical " Prutenic Tables " compiled by Erasmus Reinhold and the first maps of Prussia by Caspar Hennenberger .
This step was the beginning of the troubles which clouded the closing years of Albert 's reign .
After Osiander 's death in 1552 , Albert favoured a preacher named Johann Funck , who , with an adventurer named Paul Skalić , exercised great influence over him and obtained considerable wealth at public expense .
He was a skilled political administrator and leader , and effectively reversed the decline of the Teutonic Order , until he betrayed it by transforming the order 's lands into his own duchy , secularizing it in the process .
Another version of the " Albertus " by Lothar Sauer was included at the entrance of the Königsberg State and Royal Library .

Aachen was a favoured residence of Charlemagne , and later the place of coronation of the Kings of Germany .
The Middle Ages After Roman times , Pippin the Younger had a castle residence built in the town , and Einhard mentions that in 765 – 6 Pippin spent both Christmas and Easter at Aquis villa ( " " ) , which must have been sufficiently equipped to support the royal household for several months .
After his death , the king was buried in the church which he had built ; his original tomb has been lost , while his alleged remains are preserved in the shrine where he was reburied after being declared a saint ; his saintliness , however , was never very widely acknowledged outside the bishopric of Liège where he may still be venerated by tradition .
Even in the late 18th century the Abbess of Burtscheid was prevented from building a road linking her territory to the neighbouring estates of the duke of Jülich ; the city of Aachen even deployed its handful of soldiers to chase away the road-diggers .
Traces of this hidden agenda of the city 's history is found in the 18th-century guidebooks to Aachen as well as to the other spas ; the main indication for visiting patients , ironically , was syphilis ; only by the end of the 19th century had rheuma become the most important object of cures at Aachen and Burtscheid .
The city and its fortified surroundings were encircled 13 September – 16 October 1944 by the US 1st Infantry Division and 3rd Armored Division in conjunction with the US 2nd Armored Division and 30th Infantry Division during the prolonged Battle of Aachen , later reinforced by US 28th Infantry Division elements .
Its first Allied-appointed mayor , Franz Oppenhoff , was murdered by an SS commando unit .
It also contains the hall of the emperors .
Just a few steps in south-eastern direction lies the 19th-century theatre .
On March 30 , 2011 , it was reported that a swastika was spray-painted on a wall of the synagogue at Aachen , as an anti-Semitic act .
Its most important source of revenue , the textile industries , have been dead for almost half a century now .
The water contains a considerable percentage of common salt and other sodium salts and sulphur .
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe , one of the founders of modern architecture and the last director of the Bauhaus during its period in Dessau and Berlin was born in Aachen as well .
The AcUAS offers a classic engineering education in professions like Mechatronics , Construction Engineering , Mechanical Engineering or Electrical Engineering .
Agate has also been known to fill veins or cracks in volcanic or altered rock underlain by granitic intrusive masses .
The first layer spread over the wall of the cavity has been called the " priming " , and upon this base zeolitic minerals may be deposited .
Greek agate is a name given to pale white to tan colored agate found in Sicily back to 400 B.C. .
The Greeks used it for making jewelry and beads .
Even though the stone had been around centuries and was known to both the Sumerians and the Egyptians , both who used the gem for decoration and for playing important parts in their religious ceremonies , any agate of this color from Sicily , once an ancient Greek colony , is called Greek agate .

There is some evidence that aspirin is effective at preventing colorectal cancer , though the mechanisms of this effect are unclear .
Frequently , aspirin is combined with an ADP receptor inhibitor , such as clopidogrel , prasugrel or ticagrelor to prevent blood clots .
This is called dual anti-platelet therapy ( DAPT ) .
The therapy often lasts for one to two weeks , and is rarely indicated for longer periods .
Another study of 400 healthy volunteers found no subjects who were truly resistant , but some had " pseudoresistance , reflecting delayed and reduced drug absorption . "
Of historical interest , in the US , a 325 mg dose is equivalent to the historic 5 grain aspirin tablet in use prior to the metric system .
Patients with hemophilia or other bleeding tendencies should not take aspirin or other salicylates .
Although some enteric-coated formulations of aspirin are advertised as being " gentle to the stomach " , in one study , enteric coating did not seem to reduce this risk .
Taking it with vitamin C is a more recently investigated method of protecting the stomach lining .
Corticosteroids may also reduce the concentration of aspirin .
The pharmacological activity of spironolactone may be reduced by taking aspirin , and aspirin is known to compete with penicillin G for renal tubular secretion .
Aspirin may also inhibit the absorption of vitamin C .
Small amounts of sulfuric acid ( and occasionally phosphoric acid ) are almost always used as a catalyst .
Many drugs are receiving regulatory approval for only a single crystal form or polymorph .
That aspirin might have a second crystalline form was suspected since the 1960s .
The form II is only stable at 100 ° K and reverts to form I at ambient temperature .
In short , aspirin buffers and transports the protons .
Renal excretion of salicylic acid becomes increasingly important as the metabolic pathways become saturated , because it is extremely sensitive to changes in urinary pH. .
In the course of his work on the synthesis and properties of various acid anhydride s , he mixed acetyl chloride with a sodium salt of salicylic acid ( sodium salicylate ) .
They were first to assign to it the correct structure with the acetyl group connected to the phenolic oxygen .
The new drug , formally acetylsalicylic acid , was named Aspirin by Bayer AG after the old botanical name for meadowsweet , Spiraea ulmaria .
The name Aspirin is derived from " acetyl " and Spirsäure , an old German name for salicylic acid .
Aspirin 's profitability led to fierce competition and the proliferation of aspirin brands and products , especially after the American patent held by Bayer expired in 1917 .
Aspirin sales revived considerably in the last decades of the 20th century , and remain strong in the 21st century , because of its widespread use as a preventive treatment for heart attacks and strokes .
Aspirin , with a capital " A " , remains a registered trademark of Bayer in Germany , Canada , Mexico , and in over 80 other countries , where the trademark is owned by Bayer , using acetylsalicylic acid in all markets , but using different packaging and physical aspects for each .
Seizing the youngest but only surviving of Saul 's sons , Ish-bosheth , Abner set him up as king over Israel at Mahanaim , east of the Jordan .
However , according to Josephus , in Antiquities , Book 7 , Chapter 1 , Joab had forgiven Abner for the death of his brother , Asahel , the reason being that Abner had slain Asahel honorably in combat after he had first warned Asahel and had no other choice but to kill him out of self-defense .
Ahmed I ( Ottoman Turkish : احمد اول Aḥmed-i evvel or ) ( April 18 , 1590 – November 22 , 1617 ) was the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1603 until his death in 1617 .
He was born at Manisa Palace .
But while supportive of poetry , he displayed an aversion to artistry and continued his father 's neglect of miniature painting .
Only a few weeks after his accession the Ottoman Empire sustained a crushing defeat at the Battle of Slankamen from the Austria ns under Margrave Louis William of Baden and was driven from Hungary .
During the four years of his reign disaster followed on disaster , and in 1695 Ahmed II died at Edirne Palace , worn out by disease and sorrow .

Ahmed III ( Ottoman Turkish : احمد ثالث Aḥmed-i sālis ) ( December 30/31 , 1673 – July 1 , 1736 ) was Sultan of the Ottoman Empire and a son of Sultan Mehmed IV ( 1648 – 87 ) .
His mother was Mâh-Pâre Ummatullah ( Emetullah ) Râbi'a Gül-Nûş Valide Sultan , originally named Evmania Voria , who was an ethnic Greek .
He then retired to the Kafes previously occupied by Mahmud and died at Topkapı Palace after six years of confinement .
The Sultan is in the company of five other deposed European monarchs , and he tells Candide , who initially doubts his credentials : I am not jesting , my name is Achmet III .



The Bakufu government granted the Matsumae clan exclusive rights to trade with the Ainu in the Northern part of the island .
The turning point for Ainu culture was the beginning of the Meiji Restoration in 1868 .
Official recognition in Russia As a result of the Treaty of Saint Petersburg ( 1875 ) , the Kuril Islands were handed over to Japan , along with its Ainu subjects .
It is believed that there are no remaining living descendants of the Kamchatka Ainu .
Since the Ainu are not recognized in the official list of the peoples living in Russia , they are counted as people without nationality or as ethnic Russian or Kamchadal .
Full-blooded Ainu , compared to people of Yamato descent , often have lighter skin and more body hair .
The Jōmon share many physical characteristics with Caucasians , but Brace says that they are a separate genetic stock .
Anthropologist Arnold Henry Savage Landor described the Ainu as having deep-set eyes and an eye shape typical of Europeans , with a large and prominent browridge , large ears , hairy and prone to baldness , slightly flattened hook nose with large and broad nostrils , prominent cheek bones , large mouth and thick lips and a long region from nose to mouth and small chin region .
MtDNA Haplogroup G has been found most frequently among indigenous populations of easternmost Siberia , but it is also common among some populations of East Asia , Central Asia , the Altai-Sayan region of southern Siberia , and the sub-Himalayan region .
The language has been classified as “ endangered ” .
Today , it is typically written in either katakana or Latin alphabet .
Without a writing system , the Ainu were masters of narration , with the Yukar and other forms of narration such as the Uepeker ( Uwepeker ) tales , being committed to memory and related at gatherings , often lasting many hours or even days .
The women tattoo ed their mouths , and sometimes the forearm s. The mouth tattoos were started at a young age with a small spot on the upper lip , gradually increasing with size .
The men used chopstick s when eating ; the women had wooden spoon s. Ainu cuisine is not commonly eaten outside Ainu communities ; there are only a few Ainu-run restaurants in Japan , all located in Tokyo or Hokkaidō , serving primarily Japanese fare .
The Ainu hunted eagles to obtain their tail feathers , which they used in trade with the Japanese .
Ainu hunters caught hibernating bears or bears that had just left hibernation dens .
The Ainu usually used arrows to hunt deer .
They believe their spirits are immortal , and that their spirits will be rewarded hereafter by ascending to kamui mosir ( Land of the Gods ) .
The Ainu placed shintoko ( hokai ) and ikayop ( quivers ) there .
When the betrothed reached a marriageable age , they were told who their spouse was to be .
According to some books , many yomeiri marriages , in which a bride went to the house of a bridegroom with her belongings to become a member of his family , were conducted in the old days .
Women were also considered adults at the age of 15 – 16 .
The case arose because of a 1978 government plan to build two dams in the Saru River watershed in southern Hokkaido .
The dams were part of a series of development projects under the Second National Development Plan that were intended to industrialize the north of Japan .
After Kaizawa and Kayano declined to sell their land , the Hokkaido Development Bureau applied for and was subsequently granted a Project Authorization , which required the men to vacate their land .
When their appeal of the Authorization was denied , Kayano and Kaizawa 's son Koichii ( Kaizawa died in 1992 ) , filed suit against the Hokkaido Development Bureau .
In short , nearly all of the plaintiffs ' claims were recognized .
Their aim is to contribute to the realization of a multicultural and multiethnic society in Japan , along with rights for the Ainu .
Subgroups See also Notes References and further reading External links
The word acropolis literally in Greek means " city on the extremity " and though associated primarily with the Greek cities Athens , Argos , Thebes , and Corinth ( with its Acrocorinth ) , may be applied generically to all such citadels , including Rome , Jerusalem , Celtic Bratislava , many in Asia Minor , or even Castle Rock in Edinburgh .
Although originating in the mainland of Greece , use of the acropolis model quickly spread to Greek colonies such as the Dorian Lato on Crete during the Archaic Period .
In Central Italy , many small rural communes still cluster at the base of a fortified habitation known as La Rocca of the commune .
The earliest written record of acupuncture is found in the Huangdi Neijing ( 黄帝内经 ; translated as The Yellow Emperor 's Inner Canon ) , dated approximately 200 BCE .
However , in China itself the practice was increasingly associated with the lower-classes and illiterate practitioners .
Despite Mao proclaiming the practice of Chinese medicine to be " scientific " , the practice was based more on the materialist assumptions of Marxism in opposition to superstition rather than the Western practice of empirical investigation of nature .
Theory The general theory of acupuncture is based on the premise that bodily functions are regulated by an energy called qi which flows through the body ; disruptions of this flow are believed to be responsible for disease .
Therapy is based on which " pattern of disharmony " can be identified .
In the case of the meridians , typical disease patterns are invasions with wind , cold and damp Excesses .
Classically , in clinical practice , acupuncture is highly individualized and based on philosophy and intuition , and not on controlled scientific research .
Related practices Effectiveness Acupuncture is effective for some but not all conditions . "
A 2009 review , however , concluded that the specific points chosen to needle does not matter , and no difference was found between needling according to " true " points chosen by traditional acupuncture theory and " sham " acupuncture points unrelated to any theory .
The Osteoarthritis Research Society International released a set of consensus recommendations in 2008 that concluded acupuncture may be useful for treating the symptoms of osteoarthritis of the knee .
A 2009 Cochrane Review of the use of acupuncture for migraine treatment concluded that " true " acupuncture was n't more efficient than sham acupuncture , however , both " true " and sham acupuncture appear to be more effective than routine care in the treatment of migraines , with fewer adverse effects than prophylactic drug treatment .
Acupressure was found to reduce the short-term severity of nausea , but was no help over the long term and did not influence vomiting .
Basic research Physical correlates of qi , acupuncture points and meridians According to the 1997 NIH consensus statement on acupuncture : Qi , yin , yang and meridians have no counterpart in modern studies of chemistry , biology , physics , or human physiology and to date scientists have been unable to find evidence that supports their existence .
Acupuncture has also been characterized as pseudoscience or pseudomedical by : Psychologist John Jackson ; Steven Salzberg , director of the Center for Bioinformatics and Computational Biology and professor at the University of Maryland ; Steven Novella , Yale University professor of neurology , and founder and executive editor of the blog Science Based Medicine ; Wallace Sampson , clinical professor emeritus of medicine at Stanford University and editor-in-chief at the Scientific Review of Alternative Medicine .
It is hoped that it will provide a useful resource for researchers , health care providers , national health authorities and the general public . "
In contrast , studies originating in the West include a mixture of positive , negative and neutral results .
The most common are infection due to unsterile needles and injury — such as puncture of a major organ or nerve damage — due to improper placement of needles .
Infectious diseases reported since 1970 include bacterial infections ( 50 cases ) and hepatitis B ( more than 80 cases ) .
Though very rare in practice , injury to any site in the body is possible by needling too deeply , including the brain , any nerve , the kidneys , or heart .
Many serious adverse events are not intrinsic to acupuncture but rather to bad practices ( such as improper needling or unsterile needles ) , which may be why such complications have not been reported in surveys of adequately-trained acupuncturists .
United States Acupuncturists in the United States are required to attend a three or four-year graduate level , accredited program to be licensed .
While some schools are regionally accredited , most professional training programs are accredited by the Accreditation Commission for Acupuncture and Oriental Medicine ( ACAOM ) .
A poll of American doctors in 2005 showed that 59 % believe acupuncture was at least somewhat effective for treatment of pain .


He is a character in Greek mythology and is mentioned in Homer 's Iliad , and receives full treatment in Roman mythology as the legendary founder of what would become Ancient Rome , most extensively in Virgil 's Aeneid .
Likewise important in Virgil 's day was the account of Rome 's founding in Cato the Elder 's Origines .
When Dido learned of this , she uttered a curse that would forever pit Carthage against Rome , an enmity that would culminate in the Punic Wars .
Aeneas descends into the underworld where he meets Dido ( who turns away from him to return to her husband ) and his father , who shows him the future of his descendants and thus the history of Rome .
Latinus , king of the Latins , welcomed Aeneas ' army of exiled Trojans and let them reorganize their lives in Latium .
After Aeneas ' death , Venus asked Jupiter to make her son immortal .
’’ There is also a brief physical description found in John Malalas ' Chronographia : ‘‘ Aeneas : short , fat , with a good chest , powerful , with a ruddy complexion , a broad face , a good nose , fair skin , bald on the forehead , a good beard , grey eyes .
Aeneas is a main character in Ursula K. Le Guin 's Lavinia , a re-telling of the last six books of the Aeneid told from the point of view of Lavinia , daughter of King Latinus of Latium .
[[1541]]

Although the family ( Amaranthaceae ) is distinctive , the genus has few distinguishing characters among the 70 species included .
This complicates taxonomy and Amaranthus has generally been considered among systematists as a " difficult " genus .
Although this classification was widely accepted , further infrageneric classification was ( and still is ) needed to differentiate this widely diverse group .
The taxonomy is further differentiated by sections within each of the subgenera .
They fasted or ate very little ; a statue of the god was made out of amaranth ( huautli ) seeds and honey , and at the end of the month , it was cut into small pieces so everybody could eat a little piece of the god .
It is a popular snack sold in Mexico , sometimes mixed with chocolate or puffed rice , and its use has spread to Europe and parts of North America .
It is used to prepare curries like Hulee , palya , Majjigay-hulee and so on .
It is white and cooked with tomatoes or tamarind gravy .
In East Africa , amaranth leaf is known in chewa as bonongwe , and in Swahili as mchicha , as terere in Kikuyu , Meru and Embu ; and as telele in Kamba .
In the Caribbean , the leaves are called bhaji in Trinidad and callaloo in Jamaica , and are stewed with onions , garlic and tomatoes , or sometimes used in a soup called pepperpot soup .
In Greece , green amaranth ( Amaranthus viridis ) is a popular dish and is called vlita or vleeta .
Amaranth remains an active area of scientific research for both human nutritional needs and foraging applications .
Lehmann , in a review article , identifies some of these reported anti-nutritional factors in amaranth to be phenolics , saponins , tannins , phytic acid , oxalates , protease inhibitors , nitrates , polyphenols and phytohemagglutinins .
A new herbicide-resistant strain of Amaranthus palmeri has appeared ; it is Glyphosate - resistant and so can not be killed by the widely used Roundup herbicide .
This could be of particular concern to cotton farmers using Roundup Ready cotton .
The seeds may be lost when winnowing because the chaff and seeds are of similar size and the seeds are of a light weight .
The word was applied to amaranth because it did not soon fade and so symbolized immortality . "
viridis1web .
jpg | Example from Chilpancingo References Bibiography External links Information 2012 - Red amaranth leaves / shoots are becoming popular as a garnish in up-market restaurants .
Notes References External links
In Greek mythology , Agamemnon ( ; ; Modern Greek : , " very steadfast " ) was the son of king Atreus and queen Aerope of Mycenae , the brother of Menelaus , the husband of Clytemnestra as well the father of Iphigenia , Electra , Orestes and Chrysothemis .
Finally , the prophet Calchas announced that the wrath of the goddess could only be propitiated by the sacrifice of Agamemnon 's daughter Iphigenia .
Agamemnon took an attractive slave , Briseis , one of the spoils of war , from Achilles .
When it was clear that continuing the resistance was of little use , Hasan Ali Shah sent one of his brothers to Shiraz in order to speak to the governor of Fars to intervene on his behalf and arrange for safe passage out of Kerman .
He managed to defeat a government force consisting of 4,000 men near Dashtab , and continued to win a number of victories before stopping at Bam for a time .
After his arrival , Hasan Ali Shah wrote to Sir William Macnaghten , discussing his plans to seize and govern Herat on behalf of the British .
Although the proposal seemed to have been approved , the plans of the British were thwarted by the uprising of Dost Muhammad 's son Muhammad Akbar Khan , who defeated and annihilated the British-Indian garrison at Gandamak on its retreat from Kabul in January 1842 .
Sindh , Pakistan Hasan Ali Shah soon proceeded to Sind , where he rendered further services to the British .
Bombay In October 1844 , Hasan Ali Shah left Sind for Bombay , passing through Cutch ( modern day Kutch ) and Kathiawar where he spent some time visiting the communities of his followers in the area .
The government agreed to Hasan Ali Shah 's return provided that he would avoid passing through Baluchistan and Kirman and that he was to settle peacefully in Mahallat .
Although most of the members of the community signed a document issued by Hasan Ali Shah summarizing the practices of the Ismailis , a group of dissenting Khojas surprisingly asserted that the community had always been Sunni .
Maintaining the traditions of the Iranian nobility to which he belonged , he kept excellent stables and became a well-known figure at the Bombay racecourse .
Those involved in social welfare included the accelerated development of schools and community centres , and a modern , fully equipped hospital in Nairobi .
Sir Sultan Muhammad Shah also introduced organizational forms that gave Ismāʿīlī communities the means to structure and regulate their own affairs .
Marriages and children Publications He wrote a number of books and papers two of which are of immense importance namely ( 1 ) .
Death and succession Aga Khan III was succeeded as Aga Khan by his grandson Karim Aga Khan , who is the present Imam of the Ismaili Muslims .
He is buried in at the Mausoleum of Aga Khan , on the Nile in Aswan , Egypt .
Titles , Styles and Honours Honours See also References This article contains information about Aga Khan III , and also links to the 1922 update with further information about Aga Khan III .
Biography Agassiz was born in Neuchâtel , Switzerland and immigrated to the United States with his father in 1849 .
That summer , he took a trip to see the mines for himself and he afterwards became treasurer of the enterprise .
Over the winter of 1866 and early 1867 , mining operations began to falter due to the difficulty of extracting copper from the conglomerate .
Agassiz was a major factor in the mine 's continued success and visited the mines twice a year .
Of Agassiz 's other writings on marine zoology , most are contained in the bulletins and memoirs of the museum of comparative zoology ; but he published in 1865 , with Elizabeth Cary Agassiz , his stepmother , Seaside Studies in Natural History , a work at once exact and stimulating , and in 1871 Marine Animals of Massachusetts Bay .
He died in 1910 on board the RMS Adriatic en route to New York from Southampton .

[[1549]]
Agathon was also a friend of Euripides , another recruit to the court of Archelaus of Macedon .

Lysander and the young Agesilaus came to maintain an intimate relation ( see Pederasty in Ancient Greece ) , as was common of the period .
Then , in 396 BC , Agesilaus crossed into Asia with a force of 2,000 neodamodes ( freed helots ) and 6,000 allies ( including 30 spartiates ) to liberate Greek cities from Persian dominion .
On the eve of sailing from Aulis he attempted to offer a sacrifice , as Agamemnon had done before the Trojan expedition , but the Thebans intervened to prevent it , an insult for which he never forgave them .
He then came to an agreement with Pharnabazus and once more turned southward .
He had Lysander sent away to assist the naval campaigns in the Aegean .
In 392 BC he took a prominent part in the Corinthian War , making several successful expeditions into Corinthian territory and capturing Lechaeum and Piraeus .
In this interval , we find him declining command over Sparta 's aggression on Mantineia , and justifying Phoebidas ' seizure of the Theban Cadmea so long as the outcome provided glory to Sparta .
Another time he watched a mouse being pulled from its hole by a small boy .
Asked once how far Sparta 's boundaries stretched , he brandished his spear and said , " As far as this can reach . "
She has been made the heroine of a tragedy by François Ponsard , Agnès de Méranie , and of an opera by Vincenzo Bellini , La straniera .
Agni is a deva , second only to Indra in the power and importance attributed to him in Vedic mythology , with 218 out of 1,028 hymns of the Rigveda dedicated to him .
When Agni is pleased , the gods are generous .
His wife is Svaha .
Agrippina was the wife of the general and statesman Germanicus and a relative to the first Roman Emperors .
Agrippina and Augustus had a close relationship .
Life with Germanicus Between 1 BC-5 , Agrippina married her second maternal cousin Germanicus .
Germanicus was the first son born to Antonia Minor and Nero Claudius Drusus .
The six children who survived to adulthood were the sons : Nero Caesar , Drusus Caesar and Caligula ( Gaius Julius Caesar Germanicus ) and the daughters Agrippina the Younger ( Julia Agrippina ) , Julia Drusilla and Julia Livilla .
Agrippina had suspected that the apple could be poisoned and refused to taste the apple .
Be that as it may , she expired on 17 October 33 .
Caligula returned with their ashes in urns in his own hands .
The historians According to Suetonius , Caligula nursed a rumor that Augustus and Julia the Elder had an incestuous union from which Agrippina the Elder had been born .
According to Tacitus , Agrippina ’s eldest daughter Agrippina the Younger had written memoirs for posterity .
Ancestry See also Notes References Ancient sources Secondary sources External links

Maternally , Agrippina descended directly from Augustus .
He was Antonia Minor 's first child .
Antonia Minor was a daughter to Octavia the Younger by her second marriage to triumvir Mark Antony , and Octavia was the second eldest sister and full-blooded sister of Augustus .
She lived on the Palatine Hill in Rome .
At the trial of Lepidus , Caligula felt no compunction about denouncing them as adulteresses , producing handwritten letters discussing how they were going to kill him .
Caligula , his wife Milonia Caesonia and their daughter Julia Drusilla were murdered on January 24 , 41 .
Livilla returned to her husband , while Agrippina was reunited with her estranged son .
Rise to power After Messalina was executed in 48 for conspiring with Gaius Silius to overthrow her husband , Claudius considered remarrying for the fourth time .
Claudius made references to her in his speeches : " my daughter and foster child , born and bred , in my lap , so to speak " .
Silanus committed suicide on the day that Agrippina married her uncle , and Calvina was exiled from Italy in early 49 .
The Celtic King Caratacus assumed that she , along with Claudius , was the martial leader and bowed before her throne with the same homage and gratitude as he accorded the emperor .
Lucius ’ name was changed to Nero Claudius Caesar Drusus Germanicus and he became Claudius ’s adopted son , heir and recognised successor .
Claudius chose to adopt Nero because of his Julian and Claudian lineage .
For instance , in 51 , Agrippina ordered the execution of Britannicus ’ tutor Sosibius because he had confronted her and was outraged by Claudius ’ adoption of Nero and his choice of Nero as successor , instead of choosing his own son Britannicus .
Accounts vary wildly with regard to this private incident and according to more modern sources , it is possible ( but exceedingly convenient ) that Claudius died of natural causes ; Claudius was 63 years old .
After this failed , he devised a collapsable boat , which would either have its cabin fall in or become shipwrecked .
Nero designed a ship that would open at the bottom while at sea .
He felt so guilty he would sometimes have nightmares about his mother .
These names make it evident that the American broccoli , carrot , and onion are not indigenous to China , and therefore are less common in the traditional cuisines of China .
Tomato-based sauces can be found in some American Chinese dishes such as the " beef and tomato " .
Some food styles such as Dim sum were also modified to fit American palates , such as added batter for fried dishes and extra soy sauce .
However , an increasing number of American Chinese restaurants , including some upscale establishments , have started to offer these items in response to customer demand .
Ming Tsai , the owner of the Blue Ginger restaurant in Wellesley , Massachusetts , said that American Chinese restaurants typically try to have food representing 3-5 regions of China at one time , have chop suey , or have " fried vegetables and some protein in a thick sauce " , " eight different sweet and sour dishes " , or " a whole page of 20 different chow meins or fried rice dishes " .

According to legend , Castor and Pollux announced to one of their ancestors the victory of the Romans over the Latins at the battle of Lake Regillus , and , to confirm the truth of what they had just said , they stroked his black hair and beard , which immediately became red .
Ahmad Shah 's mausoleum is located at Kandahar , Afghanistan , adjacent to the Shrine of the Cloak of Prophet Muhammad in the center of the city .
The Afghans often refer to him as Ahmad Shāh Bābā ( " Ahmad Shah the Father " ) .
On the contrary , several historians assert that he was born in Herat .
Ahmad Shah 's mother was from the Alakozai clan of the Abdalis .
Shah Hussain commanded a powerful tribe of Pashtun fighters , having conquered the eastern part of Persia in 1722 with his brother Mahmud Hotaki , and trodden the throne of the Persian Safavids .
Later on , according to Pashtun legend , it is said that in Delhi Nader Shah summoned Ahmad Shah , and said , " Come forward Ahmad Abdali .
The guards involved in the assassination did so secretly so as to prevent the Abdalis from coming to their King 's rescue .
He next sent an army to subdue the areas north of the Hindu Kush .
On his way back he attacked the Golden Temple in Amritsar and filled its sacred pool with the blood of slaughtered cows .
Ahmad Shah sacked the Mughal capital and withdrew with the booty he coveted .
The Third battle of Panipat ( January 1761 ) , fought between largely Muslim armies of Abdali and Nawabs and largely Hindu Maratha army was waged along a twelve-kilometre front , and resulted in a decisive victory for Ahmad Shah .
Kashgaria Ahmad Shah sought to aid the Muslim city of Kashgar which was being conquered by the expanding Qing dynasty , artempting to rally Muslim states to check Qing expansion .
He assaulted Lahore and Amritsar .
Within two years , the Sikhs rebelled again , and he launched another campaign against them in 1764 , resulting in an even battle .
He was buried in the center of Kandahar city adjacent to the Shrine of the Cloak , where a large mausoleum was built .
Mountstuart Elphinstone wrote of Ahmad Shah : His successors , beginning with his son Timur and ending with Shuja Shah Durrani , proved largely incapable of governing the last Afghan empire and faced with advancing enemies on all sides .

Publications For Rees 's Cyclopaedia he wrote articles about Chemistry , Geology and Mineralogy , but the topics are not known .
[[1564]]
Species include : There is a good fossil record of Ailanthus with many species names based on their geographic occurrence , but almost all of these have very similar morphology and have been grouped as a single species among the three species recognized : Ailanthus silk moth A silk spinning moth , the Ailanthus silkmoth ( Samia cynthia ) , lives on Ailanthus leaves , and yields a silk more durable and cheaper than mulberry silk , but inferior to it in fineness and gloss .
Other Lepidoptera whose larva e feed on Ailanthus include Endoclita malabaricus .
1010 ) , French chronicler , was born at Villefranche-de-Longchat about 960 , and in early life entered the monastery of Fleury , where he became a monk and passed the greater part of his life .

City of Akkad The precise archaeological site of the city of Akkad has not yet been found .
The form Agade appears in Sumerian , for example in the Sumerian King List ; the later Assyro-Babylonian form Akkadû ( " of or belonging to Akkad " ) was likely derived from this .
Akkad is mentioned once in the Tanakh — Book of Genesis 10:10 : The mainstays of his [ Nimrod 's ] kingdom were Babylon , Erech , Accad , and Calneh in the land of Shinar ( JPS ) .
The Greek ( LXX ) spelling in this passage is Archad .
Later claims on behalf of Sargon , that his mother was an " entu " priestess ( high priestess ) .
These difficulties broke out again in the reign of his sons , where revolts broke out during the 9-year reign , Rimush ( 2278 – 2270 BC ) , who fought hard to retain the empire , and was successful until he was assassinated by some of his own courtiers .
During the Akkadian period , the Akkadian language became the lingua franca of the Middle East , and was officially used for administration , although the Sumerian language remained as a spoken and literary language .
At 2200 B. C. , a marked increase in aridity and wind circulation , subsequent to a volcanic eruption , induced a considerable degradation of land-use conditions .
The Sumerian King List , describing the Akkadian Empire after the death of Shar-kali-shari , states : However , there are no known year-names or other archaeological evidence verifying any of these later kings of Akkad or Uruk , apart from a single artifact referencing king Dudu of Akkad .
Evidence shows that skeleton-thin sheep and cattle died of drought , and up to 28,000 people abandoned the site , seeking wetter areas elsewhere .
Attempts were undertaken to prevent the former from herding their flocks in agricultural lands , such as the building of a wall known as the " Repeller of the Amorites " between the Tigris and Euphrates under the Ur III ruler Shu-Sin .
A well documented case of the latter is that of Naram-Sin 's daughter Tar ' am-Agade at Urkesh .
The spread of the Akkadian state as far as the " silver mountain " ( possibly the Taurus Mountains ) , the " cedars " of Lebanon , and the copper deposits of Magan , was largely motivated by the goal of securing control over these imports .
The influence of Sumerian on Akkadian ( and vice versa ) is evident in all areas , from lexical borrowing on a massive scale , to syntactic , morphological , and phonological convergence .
Enheduanna , the " wife ( Sumerian " dam " = high priestess ) of Nanna [ the Sumerian moon god ] and daughter of Sargon " of the temple of Sin at Ur , who lived ca. 2285 – 2250 BC , is the first poet in history whom we know by name .
Her known works include hymns to the goddess Inanna , the Exaltation of Inanna and In-nin sa-gur-ra .
Clay seals that took the place of stamps bear the names of Sargon and his son .
According to Strabo , he was born in Naryx in Locris , where Ovid calls him Narycius Heroes .
When the grammatical dual form of Ajax is used in the Iliad , it was once believed that it indicated the lesser Ajax fighting side-by-side with Telamonian Ajax , but now it is generally thought that that usage refers to the Greater Ajax and his brother Teucer .
In later traditions , this Ajax is called a son of Oileus and the nymph Rhene and is also mentioned among the suitors of Helen .
According to some writers , he even raped Cassandra inside the temple .
He boasted that even the gods could not kill him and Poseidon , upon hearing this , split the rock with his trident , causing Ajax to eventually drown .
Art The abduction of Cassandra by Ajax was frequently represented in Greek works of art , for instance on the chest of Cypselus described by Pausanias and in extant works .
In Book 14 , Ajax throws a giant rock at Hector which almost kills him .
He goes to a flock of sheep and slaughters them , imagining they are the Achaean leaders , including Odysseus and Agamemnon .
The multi-story structure covers and had perhaps 30 rooms .
[[1570]]
Disappointed , he left the army and was elected reiks of the Visigoths in 395 , and marched toward Constantinople until he was diverted by Roman forces .
He then moved southward into Greece , where he sacked Piraeus ( the port of Athens ) and destroyed Corinth , Megara , Argos , and Sparta .
Honorius then incited the Roman population to massacre tens of thousands of wives and children of Goths serving in the Roman military .
Attalus appointed him magister utriusque militiae ( “ master of both services ” ) but refused to allow him to send an army into Africa .
In Roman service During the fourth century , the Roman emperors commonly employed foederati : Germanic irregular troops under Roman command , but organized by tribal structures .
In 394 Alaric served as a leader of foederati under Theodosius I in the campaign which crushed the usurper Eugenius .
Theodosius died in 395 , leaving the Empire to be divided between his two sons Arcadius and Honorius , the former taking the eastern and the latter , the western portion of the Empire .
Arcadius showed little interest in ruling , leaving most of the actual power to his Praetorian Prefect Rufinus .
Instead , Rufinus attempted to negotiate with Alaric in person , which only aroused suspicions in Constantinople that Rufinius was in league with the Goths .
But it effectively halted the Goths ' progress .
By 407 , the estrangement between the eastern and western courts had become so bitter that it threatened civil war .
Second siege of Rome Throughout his career , Alaric 's primary goal was not to undermine the Empire , but to secure for himself a regular and recognized position within the Empire 's borders .
His demands were certainly grand : the concession of a block of territory 200 miles long by 150 wide between the Danube and the Gulf of Venice ( to be held probably on some terms of nominal dependence on the Empire ) and the title of commander-in-chief of the imperial army .
Immense as his terms were , the Emperor would have been well advised to grant them .
With their consent , he set up a rival emperor , the prefect of the city , a Greek named Priscus Attalus .
Nonetheless , the written sources do not mention damages wrought by fire , save the Gardens of Sallust , which were situated close to the gate by which the Goths had made their entrance ; nor is there any reason to attribute any extensive destruction of the buildings of the city to Alaric and his followers .
The pagan emperors ' tombs of the Mausoleum of Augustus and Castel Sant ' Angelo were rifled and the ashes scattered .
In 490 , Alaric assisted his fellow Gothic king , Theodoric the Great , in his conquest of Italy by dispatching an army to raise Odoacer 's siege of Pavia , where Theodoric had been trapped .
In 506 , the Visigoths captured the city of Dertosa in the Ebro valley .
Nor was it the loss of the royal treasury at Toulouse , which Gregory of Tours writes Clovis took into his possession .

Selected to fill the position of lecturer at Cologne , Germany , where the Dominicans had a house , he taught for several years there , at Regensburg , Freiburg , Strasbourg and Hildesheim .
In 1254 Albertus was made provincial of the Dominican Order , and fulfilled the arduous duties of the office with great care and efficiency .
St Albert 's feast day is celebrated on November 15 .
Albertus ' activity , however , was more philosophical than theological ( see Scholasticism ) .
His scholarly legacy justifies his contemporaries ' bestowing upon him the honourable surname Doctor Universalis .
He did believe that stones had occult properties , as he related in his work De mineralibus .
Within this worldview , it was reasonable to believe that astrology could be used to predict the probable future of a human being .
In Robert Heinlein 's novel Glory Road , the hero , Scar Gordon , reads a book of magic by Albertus Magnus and comments on love magic involving a wolf 's burned hair .
In the Philippines , the Albertus Magnus Building at the University of Santo Tomas that houses the Conservatory of Music , College of Tourism and Hospitality Management , College of Education , and UST Education High School is named in his honor .
It was organized by the king 's foster brother , Helmichis , with the support of Alboin 's wife , Rosamund , daughter of the Gepid king whom Alboin had killed some years earlier .
After the battle , according to a tradition reported by Paul the Deacon , to be granted the right to sit at his father 's table , Alboin had to ask for the hospitality of a foreign king and have him donate his weapons , as was customary .
Walter Goffart believes it is probable that in this narrative Paul was making use of an oral tradition , and is sceptical that it can be dismissed as merely a typical topos of an epic poem .
The Gepids obtained the support of the Emperor in exchange for a promise to cede him the region of Sirmium , the seat of the Gepid kings .
By the conditions accepted in the treaty , the Avars were to take possession of Pannonia and the Lombards were promised military support in Italy should the need arise ; also , for a period of 200 years the Lombards were to maintain the right to reclaim their former territories if the plan to conquer Italy failed , thus leaving Alboin with an alternative open .
A sign of this anxiety can also be seen in the decision taken by Alboin to ravage Pannonia , which created a safety zone between the Lombards and the Avars .
Invasion of Italy Foundation of the Duchy of Friuli The Lombards penetrated into Italy without meeting any resistance from the border troops ( milities limitanei ) .
The Lombard attacks were ultimately repelled following Mummolus ' victory at Embrun .
This view is met with scepticism by scholars such as Chris Wickham .
Gregory 's account diverges in several respects from most other sources .
The tale has been often dismissed as a fable and Paul was conscious of the risk of disbelief .
Alboin 's remains were allegedly buried beneath the palace steps .
Aftermath To complete the coup d'état and legitimize his claim to the throne , Helmichis married the queen , whose high standing arose not only from being the king 's widow but also from being the most prominent member of the remaining Gepid nation , and as such her support was a guarantee of the Gepids ' loyalty to Helmichis .
It was in their interest to stem the Lombard tide by bringing a pro-Byzantine regime into power in Verona , and possibly in the long run break the unity of the Lombards ' kingdom , winning over the dukes with honors and emoluments .

In the expansion of the Portuguese empire , Albuquerque initiated a rivalry that would become known as the Ottoman – Portuguese war , which would endure for many years .
It was Albuquerque 's military brilliance in these initial campaigns against the much larger Ottoman Empire and its allies that enabled Portugal to become the first global empire in history .
His administrative abilities as second governor of Portuguese India were crucial to the longevity of the Portuguese empire .
In 1471 , under the command of Afonso V , he was present at the conquest of Tangier and Arzila in Morocco , serving there as an officer for some years .
Eight years later , on April 6 of 1503 , after a long military career and at a mature age , Afonso de Albuquerque was sent on his first expedition to India along with his cousin Francisco de Albuquerque .
He was sent back with the answer that the only tribute would be in cannon-balls and guns , thus beginning the connection between Albuquerque and Shah Ismail I ( often named Xeque Ismael ) .
Forced to abandon Ormuz in January 1508 , he raided coastal villages to resupply the settlement of Socotra , returned to Ormuz and only then headed to India .
On February 3 , 1509 Almeida fought the naval Battle of Diu against a joint fleet of Mamluks , Ottomans , the zamorin of Calicut and the sultan of Gujarat , taking it as personal revenge for the death of his son Lourenço de Almeida at the Battle of Chaul .
Almeida having returned home in 1510 , he speedily showed the energy and determination of his character .
The attack was unsuccessful as Marshal D. Fernando Coutinho , against instructions , ventured into the inner city fascinated by its richness , and suffered an ambush .
During the rescue , Albuquerque received a severe wound and had to retreat .
Contemporary reports state that he wanted to fight the Egyptian Mamluk Sultanate fleet in the Red Sea or return to Hormuz .
In less than a day they took possession of Goa from Ismail Adil Shah and his Ottoman allies , who surrendered on 10 December .
Despite constant attacks , Goa became the centre of Portuguese India , with the conquest triggering the compliance of neighbouring kingdoms : the Sultan of Gujarat and the Zamorin of Calicut sent embassies , offering alliances and local grants to fortify .
Its greatest weakness being the unpopularity of the government of Sultan Mahmud Shah , who favoured Muslims producing dissatisfaction amongst other merchants .
They were given banners to mark their premises , a sign that they would not be looted .
Despite the delays caused by heat and malaria , it was completed in November 1511 , its surviving door known as " A Famosa " ( ' the beautiful ' ) .
There he was the first European to arrive , establishing amicable relations between the kingdom of Portugal and the court of the King of Siam Ramathibodi II , returning with a Siamese envoy bearing gifts and letters to Albuquerque and the king of Portugal .
Despite already being deemed unsafe , Afonso de Albuquerque used her to transport the treasure amassed in the conquest , given her large capacity : he wanted to give the court of King Manuel I a show of Malaccan treasures .
But on the very morning of the planned final assault , Rasul Khan surrendered .
Some had joined Rasul Khan when the Portuguese were forced to flee Goa in May 1510 , others during the recent siege .
In November 1515 he decided to return , but during the journey his illness would become increasingly fatal , and would lead to his eventual death in the very harbour of Goa .
While on his return voyage from Ormuz in the Persian Gulf , within eyesight of the harbor of Goa , he got news about a Portuguese fleet arriving from Europe bearing dispatches , announcing that he was to be replaced by his personal foe , the Portuguese Lopo Soares de Albergaria .
He wrote a long letter to the king , voicing his bitterness : " I am in ill favor with the king for love of men , and with men for love of the king . " .
On December 16 , 1515 , Albuquerque afflicted by illness , and while in sight of Goa , died .
The gentiles were reported as saying " It could not be that he was dead , but that God had need of him for some war and had therefore sent for him " .
Tragically of-course , king Manuel would afterwards learn , that Albuquerque had died many months earlier , and that his reversed decision had been delivered many months too late .
An exquisite and expensive variety of mango , that he used to bring on his journeys to India , has been named in his honour , and is today sold throughout the world as Alphonso mangoes .
The great discovery of Albuquerque would not go unnoticed by the rest of Europe , and it did not take long for Magellan to arrive in the same region only several years later and discover the Phillipines for Spain , giving birth to the Papal Treaty of Zaragoza .
Through the diplomatic activities of Albuquerque , Portugal opened up for the first time in history , the sea between Europe and China .
Rafael Perestrelo was quoted as saying , " being a very good and honest people , the Chinese hope to make friends with the Portuguese . " .
When different cultures have encountered each other for the first time , there has often been misunderstanding , bigotry , even hostility , and the Portuguese were not alone in this regard .
The Portuguese played a pioneering role in opening the sea routes between Europe and Asia , between East and West , setting out the first wave of globalization and fostering multiform contacts and exchanges between different civilizations that became the hallmark of the modern world .

[[1577]]
Alcaeus was a contemporary and a countryman of Sappho and , since both poets composed for the entertainment of Mytilenean friends , they had many opportunities to associate with each other on a quite regular basis , such as at the Kallisteia , an annual festival celebrating the island 's federation under Mytilene , held at the ' Messon ' ( referred to as temenos in fr .
and a justifying statement ( Only an inch of daylight left . )
His verses have not come down to us through a manuscript tradition - generations of scribes copying an author 's collected works , such as delivered intact into the modern age four entire books of Pindar 's odes - but haphazardly , in quotes from ancient scholars and commentators whose own works have chanced to survive , and in the tattered remnants of papyri uncovered from an ancient rubbish pile at Oxyrhynchus and other locations in Egypt : sources that modern scholars have studied and correlated exhaustively , adding little by little to the world 's store of poetic fragments .
The next separate edition was by August Matthiae , Leipzig 1827 .
Working with only eight letters ( or pro ... tr ... ntes ) , Bowra conjured up a phrase that brilliantly develops the meaning and the euphony of the poem ( or proton ' ontrechontes ) , describing luminescence " running along the forestays " .
Exile to Thebes According to Bibliotheca , Alcmene went with Amphitryon to Thebes , where he was purified by Creon for accidentally killing Electryon .
Alcmene struggled in pain , cursed the heavens , and became close to death .

He was the pupil and successor of Gorgias and taught at Athens at the same time as Isocrates , whose rival and opponent he was .
Aristotle ( Rhet .
3 ) criticizes his writings as characterized by pomposity of style and an extravagant use of poetical epithets and compounds and far-fetched metaphors .
Of other works only fragments and the titles have survived : Messeniakos , advocating the freedom of the Messenians and containing the sentiment that " God has left all men free ; nature has made no man a slave " ; a Eulogy of Death , in consideration of the wide extent of human sufferings ; a Techne or instruction-book in the art of rhetoric ; and a Phusikos logos .
When the press expanded to current titles , they wrote some books themselves and employed other writers , including Erasmus .
In 1060 , Ealdred was elected to the archbishopric of York , but had difficulty in obtaining papal approval for his appointment , only managing to do so when he promised not to hold the bishoprics of York and Worcester simultaneously .
He helped secure the election of Wulfstan as his successor at Worcester .
During his archiepiscopate , he built and embellished churches in his diocese , and worked to improve his clergy by holding a synod which published regulations for the priesthood .
His family , from Devonshire , may have been well-to-do .
Ealdred was a monk in the cathedral chapter at Winchester Cathedral before becoming abbot of Tavistock Abbey about 1027 , an office he held until about 1043 .
Even after leaving the abbacy of Tavistock , he continued to hold two properties from the abbey until his death .
He was also a military leader , and in 1046 he led an unsuccessful expedition against the Welsh .
Ealdred was present at the royal council at London that banished Godwin 's family .
York and Worcester had long had close ties , and the two sees had often been held in plurality , or at the same time .
He also was impressed with the buildings he saw , and later incorporated some of the German styles into his own constructions .
The main objective of the mission , however , was to secure the return of Edward ; but this failed , mainly because Henry III 's relations with the Hungarians were strained , and the emperor was unable or unwilling to help Ealdred .
According to the medieval chronicler John of Worcester , Ealdred was given the see of Ramsbury to administer while Herman remained outside England .
Herman returned in 1058 , and resumed his bishopric .
There is no contemporary documentary evidence of Ealdred 's administration of Ramsbury .
Edward sent Ealdred after the death in battle of Bishop Leofgar of Hereford , who had attacked Gruffydd ap Llywelyn after encouragement from the king .
Ealdred was rewarded with the administration of the see of Hereford , which he held until 1061 , and was appointed Archbishop of York .
Ealdred was granted the administration in order that the area might have someone with experience with the Welsh in charge .
In 1058 Ealdred made a pilgrimage to Jerusalem , the first English bishop to make the journey .
How the diocese of Worcester was administered when Ealdred was abroad is unclear , although it appears that Wulfstan , the prior of the cathedral chapter , performed the religious duties in the diocese .
William of Malmesbury says that Ealdred , by " amusing the simplicity of King Edward and alleging the custom of his predecessors , had acquired , more by bribery than by reason , the archbishopric of York while still holding his former see . "
For whatever reason , Ealdred gave up the see of Worcester in 1062 , when papal legates arrived in England to hold a council and make sure that Ealdred relinquished Worcester .
This happened at Easter in 1062 .
In 1069 , when the northern thegn s rebelled against William and attempted to install Edgar the Ætheling as king , Ealdred continued to support William .
He was known for his generosity and for his diplomatic and administrative abilities .
Philip , however , declined the contest , and formed a second alliance with Alexander by giving him his daughter ( Alexander I 's niece ) Cleopatra in marriage ( 336 BC ) .



This was closely followed by another Theban victory under Malcites and Diogiton .
Guards watched throughout the night , except at Alexander 's bedchamber , which was at the top of a ladder with a ferocious chained dog guarding the door .
Her brothers then entered and killed Alexander .
In Cicero the deed is ascribed to jealousy .

Reign He succeeded his father as king in 272 BC , and continued the war which his father had begun with Antigonus II Gonatas , whom he succeeded in driving from the kingdom of Macedon .
By their assistance and that of his own subjects , who entertained a great attachment for him , he recovered Epirus .
He married his paternal half-sister Olympias II of Epirus , by whom he had two sons , Pyrrhus II of Epirus , Ptolemy of Epirus and a daughter , Phthia of Macedon .
During his reign , Poland suffered much humiliation at the hands of her subject principality , Moldavia .
Onos baznycia .
File : Krakow Wawel 20070804 0930 .
Early life Born in Moscow , he was the eldest son of Nicholas I of Russia and Charlotte of Prussia , daughter of Frederick William III of Prussia and Louise of Mecklenburg-Strelitz .
His education as a future emperor was carried out under the supervision of the liberal romantic poet and gifted translator Vasily Zhukovsky , grasping a smattering of a great many subjects and becoming familiar with the chief modern European languages .
Unusually for the time , the young Alexander was taken on a six-month tour of Russia , visiting 20 provinces in the country .
Emancipation of the serfs Soon after the conclusion of peace , important changes were made in legislation concerning industry and commerce , and the new freedom thus afforded produced a large number of limited liability companies .
Without consulting his ordinary advisers , Alexander ordered the Minister of the Interior to send a circular to the provincial governors of European Russia ( serfdom was rare in other parts ) , containing a copy of the instructions forwarded to the governor-general of Lithuania , praising the supposed generous , patriotic intentions of the Lithuanian landed proprietors , and suggesting that perhaps the landed proprietors of other provinces might express a similar desire .
A new judicial administration ( 1864 ) , based on the French model , introduced security of tenure .
These included : On 6 July 1880 , less than a month after Empress Maria 's death on 8 June , Alexander formed a morganatic marriage with his mistress Princess Catherine Dolgorukov , with whom he already had four children : Suppression of separatist movements At the beginning of his reign , Alexander expressed the famous statement " No dreams " addressed to the Poles who inhabited Congress Poland , Western Ukraine , Lithuania , Livonia and Belarus .
Rule during the Russian-Caucasian War It was during Alexander II 's rule that the Russian-Caucasian War reached its climax .
Just before the conclusion of the war with a victory on Russia 's side , the Russian Army , under the emperor 's order , sought to eliminate the mountaineers in what would be often referred to as " cleansing " in several historic dialogues .
The Russians were successful and the Russo-Ottoman war of 1877-1878 ended with the signing of the preliminary peace treaty of San-Stefano on 19 February ( 3 March new style ) 1878 .
Being late for dinner , the emperor was unharmed ; although 11 other people were killed and 30 wounded .
Loris-Melikov 's proposals called for some form of parliamentary body , and the Emperor seemed to agree ; these plans were never realised .
The route , as always , was via the Catherine Canal and over the Pevchesky Bridge .
Rysakov was captured almost immediately .
His Majesty was half-lying , half-sitting , leaning on his right arm .
Contemporaries wrote that Milord was a Black Setter , but now it is understood to have been a Red Setter with black color on the tips of its hair – which gave the dog a black color with a red nuance .
[[1592]]
His education was not such as to soften these peculiarities .
These acts weakened the nobility and the peasantry and brought Imperial administration under the Emperor 's personal control .
( Pobedonostsev is depicted as “ Toporov ” in Tolstoy ’s novel , Resurrection . )
In accordance with this conviction , he suggested that certain reforms should be introduced .
( NB .
all dates prior to 1918 are in Old Style Calendar ) Ancestors Titles , styles and Arms Titles and styles Arms See also References Bibliography External links
A Gaelic poem laments : It 's bad what Malcolm 's son has done , dividing us from Alexander ; he causes , like each king 's son before , the plunder of stable Alba .
Alexander 's marriage with Henry 's illegitimate daughter Sybilla de Normandy may have occurred as early as 1107 , or as at late as 1114 .
Alexander had at least one illegitimate child , Máel Coluim mac Alaxandair , who was later to be involved in a revolt against David I in the 1130s .
Alexander also patronised Saint Andrews , granting lands intended for an Augustinian Priory , which may have been the same as that intended to honour his wife .
Walter Bower says the attackers were from Moray and Mearns .
The Mormaerdom or Kingdom of Moray was ruled by the family of Macbeth ( Mac Bethad mac Findláich ) and Lulach ( Lulach mac Gille Coemgáin ) ; not overmighty subjects , but a family who had ruled Alba within little more than a lifetime .
The two kingdoms , however , settled this dispute by a compromise in 1237 .
A threat of invasion by Henry in 1243 for a time interrupted the friendly relations between the two countries ; but the prompt action of Alexander in anticipating his attack , and the disinclination of the English barons for war , compelled him to make peace next year at Newcastle .
His mother Natalija Obrenović became his regent .
Alexander III was also the grandson of William the Lion .
In 1255 an interview between the English and Scottish kings at Kelso led to Menteith and his party losing to Durward 's party .
Haakon rejected the claim , and in the following year responded with a formidable invasion .
Sailing around the west coast of Scotland he halted off the Isle of Arran , and negotiations commenced .
When Yolande 's pregnancy ended , probably with a miscarriage , Alexander 's granddaughter Margaret became the heir .
Life and career Alexander was a native of Aphrodisias in Caria and came to Athens towards the end of the 2nd century .
A second book is known as the Supplement to On the Soul ( Mantissa ) .
Ethical Problems was traditionally counted as the fourth book of the Quaestiones .
The work is a discussion of ethical issues based on Aristotle , and contains responses to questions and problems deriving from Alexander 's school .
In 1210 , the Church Council of Paris issued a condemnation , which probably targeted the writings of Alexander among others .
Since then , other works of his have been translated into English .

Alexander 's maternal great-aunt was empress Julia Domna ( also Maesa 's younger sister ) and his great-uncle in marriage was emperor Lucius Septimius Severus .
Emperors Caracalla and Publius Septimius Geta , were his mother 's maternal cousins .
A three day riot broke out in Rome between the people and the Praetorians , and it only ended with the death of Ulpian , who was hunted down and killed at the feet of the Emperor .
Alexander ’s reign contained some of the last major building works constructed in Rome before the reign of Diocletian .
Making Antioch his base , he marched at the head of his troops towards Ctesiphon , but a second army was destroyed by the Persians , and further losses were incurred by the retreating Romans in Armenia .
Marriage Alexander was married three times .
[[1601]]


Alexander Jannaeus ( also known as Alexander Jannai/Yannai ; Hebrew : אלכסנדר ינאי ) was king of Judea from 103 BC to 76 BC .
Under the name " King Yannai " he appears as a wicked tyrant in the Talmud , reflecting his conflict with the Pharisee party .
Jannaeus expanded the Hasmonean Kingdom and established the city of Gamla in 81 BC , as the capital for what is now the Golan Heights .
First of all , Jannaeus received support from Cleopatra III of Egypt .
She was probably swayed to support Jannaeus through two Jewish commanders in her military .
The coastal ports of Dor and Caesarea were also taken after Jannaeus was defeated at Acre .
He had intended to incite the people to riot and his soldiers fell upon the crowd at his command .
This incident during the " Feast of Tabernacles " was a major factor leading up to the Judean Civil War by igniting popular opponents of Jannaeus .
The scroll 4Q390 was written by an adversary of Jannaeus seeking popular support to overthrow the Hasmonean King .
Potentially , the war with the Nabateans was the last straw against a war-mongering king and an incompetent High Priest .
Nevertheless , substantiation of Josephus ’ account of the crucifixion of Jewish rebels by Jannaeus quells any doubt of historicity of this event .
In literature Alexander Jannaeus is the main character of the novel The King of Flesh and Blood , ( מלך בשר ודם ) by Israel i novelist Moshe Shamir - a novel including many hints to the politic of 1950 's Israel , when it was writtem .


[[1612]]
In 1074 , the western mercenaries led by Roussel de Bailleul rebelled in Asia Minor , but Alexios successfully subdued them by 1076 .
Alexios was ordered to march against his brother-in-law Nikephoros Melissenos in Asia Minor but refused to fight his kinsman .
Nikephoros III intended to leave the throne to one of his close relatives , and this resulted in Maria 's ambivalence and alliance with the Komnenoi .
The real driving force behind this political alliance was Anna Dalassene .
She refused to go with them and demanded that they allow her to pray to the Mother of God for protection .
As if she were weighed down with old age and worn out by grief , she walked slowly and when she approached the actual entrance to the sanctuary made two genuflections ; on the third she sank to the floor and taking firm hold of the sacred doors , cried in a loud voice : " Unless my hands are cuff off , I will not leave this holy place except on one condition : that I receive the emperor 's cross as guarantee of safety " .
She also demanded that the cross be personally sent by Botaneiates as a vow of his good faith .
In 1087 the Pechenegs raided into Thrace and Alexios crossed into Moesia to retaliate but failed to take Dorostolon ( Silistra ) .
In 1116 , though already terminally ill , he conducted a series of defensive operations in Bythinia and Mysia to defend his Anatolian territories against the inroads of Malik Shah the Seljuq Sultan of Iconium .
Personal life During the last twenty years of his life Alexios lost much of his popularity .
Bryennios had been made kaisar ( Caesar ) and received the newly-created title of panhypersebastos ( " honoured above all " ) , and remained loyal to both Alexios and John .
Because he wrote a lot of plays , the same passages often appear in more than 3 plays .
They attest to the wit and refinement of the author , which Athenaeus praises .
The betrothal in 1180 of Alexios II to Agnes of France , daughter of Louis VII of France and his third wife Adèle of Champagne and at the time a child of nine , had not apparently been followed by their marriage .

Alexios gathered the money by plundering imperial tombs at the church of the Holy Apostles , though Henry 's death in September 1197 meant the gold was never despatched .
Byzantine authority survived , but in a much weakened state .
His son-in-law , Theodore Laskaris , who was the only one to attempt anything significant , was defeated at Scutari , and the siege of Constantinople began .
But his courage failed , and the Byzantine army returned to the city without a fight .
Later Alexios V was blinded and deserted by his father-in-law , who fled from the crusaders into Thessaly .
His nickname " Mourtzouphlos " referred to either his bushy , overhanging eyebrows or his sullen character .
Alexios V Doukas was crowned in early February 1204 .
Childhood The young Alexei was brought up by his mother , who fostered an atmosphere of disdain towards Peter the Great , Alexei 's father .
Painful relations between father and son , quite apart from the prior personal antipathies , were therefore inevitable .
wrote Peter ( in a tone that can only be guessed ) in a letter dated 13 August 1710 .
One of the terms of the marriage contract agreed to by Alexei was that while any forthcoming children were to be raised in the Orthodox faith , Charlotte herself was allowed to retain her Protestant faith ( an agreement that did not sit well at all with Alexei 's followers ) .
Three weeks later , the bridegroom was hurried away by his father to Toruń to superintend the provisioning of the Russian troops in Poland .
His wife joined him at Toruń in December , but in April 1712 a peremptory ukase ordered him off to the army in Pomerania , and in the autumn of the same year he was forced to accompany his father on a tour of inspection through Finland .
The return Alexei would only consent to return on his father solemnly swearing , that if he came back he should not be punished in the least , but cherished as a son and allowed to live quietly on his estates and marry Afrosinia .
A horrible reign of terror ensued , in the course of which the ex-tsaritsa Eudoxia was dragged from her monastery and publicly tried for alleged adultery , while all who had in any way befriended Alexei were impaled , broken on the wheel and otherwise lingeringly done to death .
On 26 June , Alexei died in the Petropavlovskaya fortress in Saint Petersburg , two days after the senate had condemned him to death for conspiring rebellion against his father , and for hoping for the cooperation of the common people and the armed intervention of his brother-in-law , the emperor .
His parents were Scots-Irish colonists Andrew and Elizabeth Hutchinson Jackson , Presbyterian s who had emigrated from Ireland two years earlier .
Their former house is preserved as the Andrew Jackson Centre and is open to the public .
In the mid-1850s , second-hand evidence indicated that he may have been born at a different uncle 's home in North Carolina .
Later , he taught school and studied law in Salisbury , North Carolina .
Legal and political career Jackson began his legal career in Jonesborough , now northeastern Tennessee .
In 1798 , he was appointed a judge of the Tennessee Supreme Court , serving until 1804 .
In the resulting Creek War , Jackson commanded the American forces , which included Tennessee militia , U.S. regulars , and Cherokee , Choctaw , and Lower Creek warriors .
He received the Thanks of Congress and a gold medal by resolution of February 27 , 1815 .
He was ordered by President James Monroe in December 1817 to lead a campaign in Georgia against the Seminole and Creek Indians .
Jackson captured Pensacola , Florida , with little more than some warning shots , and deposed the Spanish governor .
In 1824 , most of the Democratic-Republicans in Congress boycotted the caucus .
Jackson liked the name and used the jackass as a symbol for a while , but it died out .
Some people stood on good chairs in muddied boots just to get a look at the President .
Election of 1832 In the 1832 presidential election , Jackson easily won reelection as the candidate of the Democratic Party against Henry Clay , of the National Republican Party , and William Wirt , of the Anti-Masonic Party .
While Jackson did not start the " spoils system " , he did encourage its growth for many years to come .
The result was a great demand for specie , which many banks did not have enough of to exchange for their notes .
Southern politicians argued that tariffs benefited northern industrialists at the expense of southern farmers .
Although Jackson sympathized with the South in the tariff debate , he also vigorously supported a strong union , with effective powers for the central government .
Jackson then rose , and in a booming voice added " Our federal Union : It must be preserved ! "
Calhoun clarified his position by responding " The Union : Next to our Liberty , the most dear ! "
The Force Bill and Compromise Tariff passed on March 1 , 1833 , and Jackson signed both .
The Act authorized the President to negotiate treaties to buy tribal lands in the east in exchange for lands further west , outside of existing U.S. state borders .
Due to the infighting between political factions , many Cherokees thought their appeals were still being considered until troops arrived .
By the 1830s , under constant pressure from settlers , each of the five southern tribes had ceded most of its lands , but sizable self-government groups lived in Georgia , Alabama , Mississippi , and Florida .
Lawrence pulled out a second pistol , which also misfired .
Lawrence told doctors later his reasons for the shooting .
According to Jackson , he married Rachel after hearing that Robards had obtained a divorce .
However , the divorce had never been completed , making Rachel 's marriage to Jackson bigamous and therefore invalid .
Caroline Butler , Eliza Butler , Edward Butler , and Anthony Butler were the orphaned children of Edward Butler , a family friend .
Sarah Yorke Jackson , the wife of Andrew Jackson Jr. , became cohost of the White House in 1834 .
He served as alderman and mayor there before being elected to the Tennessee House of Representatives in 1835 .
After brief service in the Tennessee Senate , Johnson was elected to the federal House of Representatives in 1843 , where he served five two-year terms .
Early life and career Boyhood Andrew Johnson was born in Raleigh , North Carolina on December 29 , 1808 , to Jacob Johnson ( 1778 – 1812 ) and Mary ( " Polly " ) McDonough ( 1783 – 1856 ) , a laundress .
Eventually , Polly Johnson married Turner Doughtry , who was also poor .
Fearing he would be taken and returned to Raleigh , Andrew moved on to Laurens , South Carolina .
After his marriage proposal to her was rejected , Johnson returned to Raleigh , hoping to buy out his apprenticeship , but he could not come to terms with Selby .
Then , like many others in the late 1820s , he journeyed west .
In 1827 , at the age of 18 , he married 16-year-old Eliza McCardle , the daughter of a local shoemaker .
Shy and retiring by nature , Eliza Johnson usually remained in Greeneville during Johnson 's political rise .
He also took part in debates at Greeneville College .
From that time he supported the Democratic party and built a powerful political machine in Greene County .
He defeated his opponent , Nathaniel G. Taylor , in August 1849 , with a greater margin of victory than in previous campaigns .
Tennessee 's governor had little power — Johnson could propose legislation but not veto it , and most appointments were made by the Whig-controlled legislature .
Feeling that re-election as governor was necessary to give him a chance at the higher offices he sought , Johnson agreed to make the run .
The issues in the campaign were slavery , the prohibition of alcohol , and the nativist positions of the Know Nothing Party .
The opposition was appalled , with the Richmond Whig newspaper referring to him as " the vilest radical and most unscrupulous demagogue in the Union . "
One friend , Hugh Douglas , stated in a letter to him , " you have been in the way of our would be great men for a long time .
The new senator took his seat when Congress convened in December 1857 ( the term of his predecessor , James C. Jones , had expired in March ) .
He argued against funding to build Washington , D.C. 's infrastructure , stating that it was unfair to expect state citizens to pay for the city 's streets , even if it was the seat of government .
Johnson undertook the defense of Nashville as best he could ; the city was continually harassed with cavalry raids led by General Nathan Bedford Forrest .
Johnson was nominated for vice president by C.M. Allen of Indiana with an Iowa delegate as seconder .
On the first ballot , Johnson led with 200 votes to 150 for Hamlin and 108 for Dickinson .
Presidential ReconstructionJohnson was initially left to devise a Reconstruction policy without legislative intervention , as Congress was not due to meet again until December 1865 .
The Cabinet was divided on the issue .
As Southern states began the process of forming governments , Johnson 's policies received considerable public support in the North , which he took as unconditional backing for quick reinstatement of the South .
Further , it disqualified many former Confederates from office , although the disability could be removed — by Congress , not the president .
The battleground was the election of 1866 ; Southern states were not allowed to vote .
The Fourteenth Amendment had been ratified by none of the Southern or border states except Tennessee , and had been rejected in Kentucky , Delaware , and Maryland .
Johnson sought to pin down Stanton either as for , and thus endorsing Johnson 's position , or against , showing himself to be opposed to his president and the rest of the Cabinet .
Seven Republicans — Senators Grimes , Ross , Trumbull , William Pitt Fessenden , Joseph S. Fowler , John B. Henderson , and Peter G. Van Winkle — voted to acquit the President .
With Stevens bitterly disappointed at the result , the Senate then adjourned for the Republican National Convention ; Grant was nominated for president .
Butler focused on a New York – based " Astor House Group " , supposedly led by political boss and editor Thurlow Weed .
In practice , this meant that Seward would continue to run things as he had under Lincoln .
Although the President preferred a more aggressive approach , Seward persuaded him to follow his lead .
Emboldened by his success in Alaska , Seward sought acquisitions elsewhere .
Johnson 's support was mostly from the South , and fell away as the ballots passed .
It was not until October , with the vote already having taken place in some states , that he mentioned Seymour at all , and he never endorsed him .
In his annual message to Congress in December , Johnson urged the repeal of the Tenure of Office Act and told legislators that had they admitted their Southern colleagues in 1865 , all would have been well .
On Christmas Day 1868 , Johnson issued a final amnesty , this one covering everyone , including Davis .
Seeking vindication for himself , and revenge against his political enemies , he launched a Senate bid soon after returning home .
In 1872 , there was a special election for an at-large congressional seat for Tennessee ; Johnson initially sought the Democratic nomination , but when he saw that it would go to former Confederate general Benjamin F. Cheatham , decided to run as an independent .
The former president was defeated , finishing third , but the split in the Democratic Party defeated Cheatham in favor of an old Johnson Unionist ally , Horace Maynard .
He was buried with his body wrapped in an American flag and a copy of the U.S. Constitution placed under his head , according to his wishes .
Historical view and legacy According to Castel , " historians [ of Johnson 's presidency ] have tended to concentrate to the exclusion of practically everything else upon his role in that titanic event [ Reconstruction ] " .
Beale wondered in 1940 , " is it not time that we studied the history of Reconstruction without first assuming , at least subconsciously , that carpetbaggers and Southern white Republicans were wicked , that Negroes were illiterate incompetents , and that the whole white South owes a debt of gratitude to the restorers of ' white supremacy ' ? "
In a number of works from 1956 onwards by such historians as Fawn Brodie , the former president was depicted as a successful saboteur of efforts to better the freedman 's lot .
Gordon-Reed notes that Johnson , along with his contemporaries Pierce and Buchanan , are generally listed among the five worst presidents , but states , " there have never been more difficult times in the life of this nation .
It would have taken a succession of Lincolns to do them justice . "

While his writings were often suppressed , he wrote several books most notably The Gulag Archipelago and One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich , two of his best-known works . "
This was the normal sentence for most crimes under Article 58 at the time .
These " early " works , largely unknown in the West , were published for the first time in Russian in 1999 and excerpted in English in 2006 .
After his return to European Russia , Solzhenitsyn was , while teaching at a secondary school during the day , spending his nights secretly engaged in writing .
These would be the last of his works published in the Soviet Union until 1990 .
Though some there appreciated it , the work ultimately was denied publication unless it was to be revised and cleaned of suspect statements and anti-Soviet insinuations ( this episode is recounted and documented in The Oak and the Calf ) .
In 1969 Solzhenitsyn was expelled from the Union of Writers .
U.S. military attache William Odom managed to smuggle out a large portion of Solzhenitsyn 's archive , including the author 's membership card for the Writers ' Union and Second World War military citations ; Solzhenitsyn subsequently paid tribute to Odom 's role in his memoir " Invisible Allies " ( 1995 ) .
Writing of Solzhenitsyn 's novel , August 1914 in the New York Times on 13 November 1985 , the American historian Richard Pipes commented : " Every culture has its own brand of anti-Semitism .
This statement however predates the publication in 2001 of " Two Hundred Years Together " by at least 3 years .
Similarities between Two Hundred Years Together and an anti-Semitic essay titled " Jews in the USSR and in the Future Russia " , attributed to Solzhenitsyn , has led to inference that he stands behind the anti-Semitic passages .
He sought to protect the national character of the Russian Orthodox church and fought against the admission of Catholic priests and Protestant pastors to Russia from other countries .
He believed that all ethnic cultures have been oppressed in favor of an atheistic Marxism .
Solzhenitsyn goes on to describe the hostile antipathy the play aroused from his Jewish friends .

Aberdeen has won the Britain in Bloom competition a record-breaking ten times , and hosts the Aberdeen International Youth Festival , a major international event which attracts up to 1000 of the most talented young performing arts companies .
However , recovery came with the prosperity that followed the Napoleonic wars .
It is an integral part of the city , as is Woodside and the Royal Burgh of Torry to the south of the River Dee .
The Celtic prefix ; " Aber - " means " the confluence of " in relation to the rivers .
In May 2007 the council consisted of : 15 Liberal Democrat , 13 SNP , 10 Labour , 4 Conservative councillors and a single independent councillor .
The first two are wholly within the Aberdeen City council area , and the latter encompasses the North Kincardine ward of Aberdeenshire Council .
A further seven MSPs are elected as part of the North East Scotland electoral region .
Legend tells that its use dates from the 14th century password used by Robert the Bruce during the Wars of Scottish Independence , when he and his men laid siege to Aberdeen Castle before destroying it in 1308 .
To the south side of the city , coastal cliffs expose high-grade metamorphic rocks of the Grampian Group ; to the south-west and west are extensive granites intruded into similar high-grade schists ; to the north the metamorphics are intruded by gabbroic complexes instead .
Aberdeen is far milder than one might expect for its northern location , although statistically it is the coldest city in the UK .
while the following winter , Dyce set a new February high temperature station record on 28 February 2012 of .
Demography In 1396 the population was about 3,000 .
Aberdeen 's largest denominations are the Church of Scotland ( through the Presbytery of Aberdeen ) and the Roman Catholic Church , both with numerous churches across the city , with the Scottish Episcopal Church having the third-largest number .
Christadelphians have been present in Aberdeen since at least 1844 .
Grey granite was quarried at Rubislaw quarry for more than 300 years , and used for paving setts , kerb and building stones , and monumental and other ornamental pieces .
The Fisheries Research Services are headquartered in Aberdeen , and there is a marine research lab in Torry .
However , with the Middle Eastern oil sheiks becoming more aware of the political and economic power of their oil reserves and government threats of rationing , the industry began to consider the North Sea as a viable source of oil .
The city ranks third in Scotland for shopping .
Amongst the notable buildings in the city 's main street , Union Street , are the Town and County Bank , the Music Hall , the Trinity Hall of the incorporated trades ( originating between 1398 and 1527 ) , now a shopping mall ; the former office of the Northern Assurance Company , and the National Bank of Scotland .
In Castle Street , a continuation eastwards of Union Street , is the new Town House , a very prominent landmark in Aberdeen , built between 1868 and 1873 to a design by Peddie and Kinnear .
Alexander Marshall Mackenzie 's extension to Marischal College on Broad Street , opened by King Edward VII in 1906 , created the second largest granite building in the world ( after the Escorial , Madrid ) .
There is large tennis centre with indoor and outdoor courts , a children 's cycle track , play area and a grass boules lawn .
The A96 links to Elgin and Inverness and the north west .
The 30 mile route is earmarked to be completed in 2018 and is hoped to significantly reduce traffic congestion in and around the city .
Aberdeen 's student rate of 11.5 % is higher than the national average of 7 % .
Originally devoted to the instruction and maintenance of the sons of poor burgesses of guild and trade in the city , it was reorganised in 1881 as a day and night school for secondary and technical education .
Andrew Street and a larger suburban campus at Garthdee and currently has approximately 15,500 students .
The city is regularly visited by Scotland 's National Arts Companies .
Music and film Aberdeen 's music scene includes a variety of live music venues including pubs , clubs , and church choirs .
Popular music venues include the Aberdeen Exhibition and Conference Centre ( AECC ) , Aberdeen Music Hall and The Lemon Tree , along with smaller venues such as The Tunnels , The Moorings , Drummonds , Moshulu , and Snafu .
The other senior team is Cove Rangers F.C. of the Highland Football League ( HFL ) , who play at Allan Park in the suburb of Cove Bay , although they will be moving to Calder Park once it is built to boost their chances of getting into the Scottish Football League .
Former Wanderers ' player Jason White was captain of the Scotland national rugby union team .
In 2005 the President of the SRU said it was hoped eventually to establish a professional team in Aberdeen .
Swimming The City of Aberdeen Swim Team ( COAST ) is based in Northfield swimming pool and has been in operation since 1996 .
There is also a boat race held every year between AUBC and RGUBC .
The race is in mixed eights , and usually held in late February / early March .
Aberdeenshire were the 2009 Scottish National Premier League and Scottish Cup Champions Ice skating Aberdeen boasts a 56x26 meter ice arena with a café , bar , and meeting rooms .
They are an adult contact team who currently train at Seaton Park .
Since their formation , Aberdeen Oilers have played in the British Floorball Northern League and went on to win the league in the 2008/09 season .
Albyn Hospital is a private hospital located in the west end of the city .
Infrastructure in private hands includes electricity , gas and telecoms .
The uncertainty that in some cases results has made it advisable to abandon the assignation of successive numbers in the list of the popes .
Natalius soon repented and tearfully begged Pope Zephyrinus to receive him into communion .
It may be that Clement 's following was considered insignificant .
Improvements in transportation during the 19th century made fresh fish easily available and inexpensive , even in inland areas , making aquaculture less popular .
No human pathogen s of comparable virulence have yet emerged from marine species .
Macroalgae , commonly known as seaweed , also have many commercial and industrial uses , but due to their size and specific requirements , they are not easily cultivated on a large scale and are most often taken in the wild .
Fish The farming of fish is the most common form of aquaculture .
Virtually all farmed shrimp are penaeid s ( i.e. , shrimp of the family Penaeidae ) , and just two species of shrimp , the Pacific white shrimp and the giant tiger prawn , account for about 80 % of all farmed shrimp .
Molluscs Aquacultured shellfish include various oyster , mussel and clam species .
Abalone farming began in the late 1950s and early 1960s in Japan and China .
All of these materials are selected for a variety of reasons , including design feasibility , material strength , cost , and corrosion resistance .
The industrial scale extraction of wild forage fish for salmon farming then impacts the survivability of the wild predator fish who rely on them for food .
Salmon farms are typically sited in pristine coastal ecosystems which they then pollute .
This can be defined by the Five Freedoms : However , the controversial issue in aquaculture is whether fish and farmed marine invertebrates are actually sentient , or have the perception and awareness to experience suffering .
Crowding can constrain normal swimming behaviour , as well as increase aggressive and competitive behaviours such as cannibalism , feed competition , territoriality and dominance/subordination hierarchies .
For many parasites , infestation depends on the host ’s degree of mobility , the density of the host population and vulnerability of the host ’s defence system .
There are also a number of prominent viral and bacterial pathogens that can have severe effects on internal organs and nervous systems .
However , prevention methods , such as vaccination , can also induce stress because of the extra handling and injection .
During transport water needs to be maintained to a high quality , with regulated temperature , sufficient oxygen and minimal waste products .
Seaweeds extract nutrients such as inorganic nitrogen and phosphorus directly from the water , and filter-feeding mollusk s can extract nutrients as they feed on particulates , such as phytoplankton and detritus .
Some profitable aquaculture cooperatives promote sustainable practices .
This saves water and the waste gathered can be used in compost or , in some cases , could even be treated and used on land .
See also Notes References Further reading External links
If P is a program which outputs a string x , then P is a description of x. The length of the description is just the length of P as a character string , multiplied by the number of bits in a character ( e.g. 7 for ASCII ) .
For theoretical analysis , this approach is more suited for constructing detailed formal proofs and is generally preferred in the research literature .
= = Invariance theorem = = = = = Informal treatment = = = However , there are some description languages which are optimal , in the following sense : given any description of an object in a description language , I can use that description in my optimal description language with a constant overhead .
In more technical terms , the first part of a description is a computer program , with the second part being the input to that computer program which produces the object as output . '' '
Thus , if '' ' P '' ' is a program in '' L' ' 2 which is a minimal description of '' s '' , then InterpretLanguage ( '' ' P '' ' ) returns the string '' s '' .
Transmission '' , Gregory Chaitin also presents this theorem in '' J. ACM '' – Chaitin 's paper was submitted October 1966 and revised in December 1968 , and cites both Solomonoff 's and Kolmogorov 's papers .
Some consider that naming the concept " Kolmogorov complexity " is an example of the Matthew effect .
In other words , there is no program which takes a string '' s '' as input and produces the integer '' K '' ( '' s '' ) as output .
We show this by contradiction by making a program that creates a string that should only be able to be created by a longer program .
Suppose there is a program '' ' function '' ' KolmogorovComplexity ( '' ' string '' ' '' s '' ) that takes as input a string '' s '' and returns '' K '' ( '' s '' ) .
The program outputs a string '' s '' whose complexity is at least '' n '' 0 .
To choose this value , note that '' s '' is described by the program GenerateParadoxicalString whose length is at most : U + \ log_2 ( n_0 ) + C \ quad where '' C '' is the " overhead " added by the program GenerateParadoxicalString .
To prove the theorem , note that the number of descriptions of length not exceeding n-c is given by the geometric series : : 1 + 2 + 2 ^ 2 + \ cdots + 2 ^ = 2 ^ -1 .
Some of these are complexity formulas of the form '' K '' ( '' s '' ) ≥ '' n '' where '' s '' and '' n '' are constants in the language of '' 'S '' ' .
There is a program '' ' function '' ' NthProofProvesComplexityFormula ( '' ' int '' ' '' n '' ) which determines whether the '' n '' th proof actually proves a complexity formula '' K '' ( '' s '' ) ≥ '' L' ' .
The program GenerateProvablyParadoxicalString outputs a string '' s '' for which there exists an '' L' ' such that '' K '' ( '' s '' ) ≥ '' L' ' can be formally proved in '' 'S '' ' with '' L' ' ≥ '' n '' 0 .
It has the desirable properties of statistical invariance ( i.e. the inference transforms with a re-parametrisation , such as from polar coordinates to Cartesian coordinates ) , statistical consistency ( i.e. even for very hard problems , MML will converge to any underlying model ) and efficiency ( i.e. the MML model will converge to any true underlying model about as quickly as is possible ) .
C.S. Wallace and D.L. Dowe ( 1999 ) showed a formal connection between MML and algorithmic information theory ( or Kolmogorov complexity ) .
To make this precise , a universal computer ( or universal Turing machine ) must be specified , so that " program " means a program for this universal machine .
TypoTeX , 1999 .
[ [ Category : Algorithmic information theory | * ] ] [ [ Category : Information theory | * ] ] [ [ Category : Computability theory ] ] [ [ Category : Descriptive complexity ] ] [ [ Category : Measures of complexity ] ]
He had tried to reverse the official endorsement of Christianity by the Roman Empire .
See also External links
It is in adapted ottava rima and is full of elaborate use of literary devices , particularly alliteration .
External links
He was the youngest son of King Æthelwulf of Wessex , by his first wife , Osburh .
Bishop Asser tells the story of how as a child Alfred won a prize of a volume of poetry in English , offered by his mother to the first of her children able to memorise it .
It is possible that this arrangement was sanctioned by Alfred 's father , or by the Witan , to guard against the danger of a disputed succession should Æthelred fall in battle .
In 868 , Alfred is recorded as fighting beside Æthelred in an unsuccessful attempt to keep the invading Danes led by Ivar the Boneless out of the adjoining Kingdom of Mercia .
Given the ongoing Danish invasion and the youth of his nephews , Alfred 's succession probably went uncontested .
Bishop Asser claimed that the ' pagans ' agreed to vacate the realm and made good their promise ; and , indeed , the Viking army did withdraw from Reading in the autumn of 871 to take up winter quarters in Mercian London .
Preoccupied with the problems of his kingdom , Alfred accidentally let the cakes burn .
That treaty divided up the kingdom of Mercia .
After travelling up the River Stour , the fleet was met by Danish vessels that numbered 13 or 16 ( sources vary on the number ) and a battle ensued .
The Anglo-Saxon Fleet emerged victorious and as Huntingdon accounts , “ laden with spoils ” .
While he was in talks with Hastein , the Danes at Appledore broke out and struck northwestwards .
They were overtaken by Alfred 's eldest son , Edward , and were defeated in a general engagement at Farnham in Surrey .
The force fell back on Essex and , after suffering another defeat at Benfleet , coalesced with Hastein 's force at Shoebury .
In such cases , the Vikings were extremely vulnerable to pursuit by the king 's joint military forces .
If under the existing system he could not assemble forces quickly enough to intercept mobile Viking raiders , the obvious answer was to have a standing field force .
The landowners attached to Wallingford , for example , were responsible for producing and feeding 2,400 men , the number sufficient for maintaining of wall .
But , clearly , the author of the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle and probably Alfred himself regarded 897 as marking an important development in the naval power of Wessex .
( It is probable that , under the classical tutelage of Asser , Alfred utilised the design of Greek and Roman warships , with high sides , designed for fighting rather than for navigation . )
Lashing the Viking boats to their own , the English crew boarded the enemy 's vessels and proceeded to kill everyone on board .
The Danes , heavily outnumbered , would have been wiped out if the tide had not risen .
When that occurred , the Danes rushed back to their boats , which being lighter , with shallower drafts , were freed before Alfred 's ships .
Alfred 's transformation of Christ 's commandment from " Love your neighbour as yourself " ( Matt .
He certainly corresponded with Elias III , the Patriarch of Jerusalem , and possibly sent a mission to India in honour of Saint Thomas the Apostle , whose tomb was believed to lie in that country .
Contact was also made with the Caliph in Baghdad .
Around 890 , Wulfstan of Hedeby undertook a journey from Hedeby on Jutland along the Baltic Sea to the Prussia n trading town of Truso .
Very little is known of the church under Alfred .
It is unknown when Alfred launched this programme , but it may have been during the 880s when Wessex was enjoying a respite from Viking attacks .
The Old English versions of Orosius 's '' Histories against the Pagans '' and Bede 's '' Ecclesiastical History of the English People '' are no longer accepted by scholars as Alfred 's own translations because of lexical and stylistic differences .
Simon Keynes and Michael Lapidge suggest this also for Bald 's '' Leechbook '' and the anonymous '' Old English Martyrology '' .
The jewel certainly dates from Alfred 's reign .
The need to persuade his nobles to undertake work for the ' common good ' led Alfred and his court scholars to strengthen and deepen the conception of Christian kingship that he had inherited by building upon the legacy of earlier kings such as Offa as well as clerical writers such as Bede , Alcuin and the other luminaries of the Carolingian renaissance .
It was confirmed in 2010 that these remains belong to her — one of the earliest members of the English royal family .
The Diocese makes no claim they are the bones of Alfred , but has secured them for later analysis , and from the attentions of people whose interest may have been sparked by the recent identification of the remains of King Richard III .
He is regarded as a saint by some Catholics , but an attempt by king Henry VI in 1441 to have him canonized was unsuccessful .
The epithet was retained by succeeding generations of Parliamentarians and empire-builders who saw Alfred 's patriotism , success against barbarism , promotion of education and establishment of the rule of law as supporting their own ideals .
* King 's Lodge School , in Chippenham , Wiltshire is so named because King Alfred 's hunting lodge is reputed to have stood on or near the site of the school .
In 2002 , Alfred the Great was ranked number 14 in the BBC 's list of the 100 Greatest Britons following a UK-wide vote .
After the arm and axe were replaced the statue was again vandalised on Christmas Eve 2008 , once more losing its axe .
, '' Alfred the Great '' ( Studies in early medieval Britain ) , 2003 , ISBN 978-0-7546-0957-5 * '' The whole works of King Alfred the Great , with preliminary essays , illustrative of the history , arts , and manners , of the ninth century '' , 1969 , OCLC 28387 = = External links = = * [ Alfred the Great at royal .
gov. uk ] * * [ [ Category : Alfred the Great | ] ] [ [ Category :849 births ] ] [ [ Category :899 deaths ] ] [ [ Category :9 th-century Christian saints ] ] [ [ Category :9 th-century English people ] ] [ [ Category :9 th-century rulers in Europe ] ] [ [ Category : Anglican saints ] ] [ [ Category : Chalcedonian Christian monarchs ] ] [ [ Category : English monarchs ] ] [ [ Category : English Roman Catholics ] ] [ [ Category : English saints ] ] [ [ Category : Medieval legislators ] ] [ [ Category : Patrons of literature ] ] [ [ Category : People from Wantage ] ] [ [ Category : Roman Catholic royal saints ] ] [ [ Category : West Saxon monarchs ] ]
The allegorical figures of Magnanimity and Liberality have an impassive , ethereal dignity .
Algardi was not renowned for his architectural abilities .
The Fuga d'Attila relief Algardi 's large dramatic marble high-relief panel of Pope Leo and Attila ( 1646 – 53 ) for St Peter 's Basilica , and reinvigorated the use of such marble reliefs .
No doubt part of his patron 's message would be that all viewers would be sternly reminded of the papal capacity to invoke divine retribution against enemies .
Algardi 's classicizing manner was carried on by pupils ( including Ercole Ferrata and Domenico Guidi ) .
JPG | Pope Innocent X Camillo Pamphili .

[[1643]]
His History of the Church of Liège , and many of his other works , are lost .
Al-Jazā ’ ir is itself a truncated form of the city 's older name جزائر بني مزغانة Jaza'ir Bani Mazghana , " The Islands of the Sons of Mazghana " , used by early medieval geographers such as al-Idrisi and Yaqut al-Hamawi .
Nominally part of the sultanate of Tlemcen , Algiers had a large measure of independence under amir s of its own due to Oran being the chief seaport of the Ziyanids .
Ottoman rule In 1516 , the amir of Algiers , Selim b. Teumi , invited the corsair brothers Aruj and Hayreddin Barbarossa to expel the Spaniards .
In October 1541 in the Algiers expedition , the King of Spain and Holy Roman Emperor Charles V sought to capture the city , but a storm destroyed a great number of his ships , and his army of some 30,000 , chiefly made up of Spaniards , was defeated by the Algerians under their Pasha , Hassan .
On July 4 , 1830 , under the pretext of an affront to the French consul — whom the dey had hit with a fly-whisk when the consul said the French government was not prepared to pay its large outstanding debts to two Algerian merchants — a French army under General de Bourmont attacked the city in the 1830 invasion of Algiers .
In 1962 , after a bloody independence struggle in which hundreds of thousands ( estimates range between 500,000 to 1,500,000 ) died ( mostly Algerians but also French and Pieds-Noirs ) during fighting between the French Army and the Algerian Front de Libération Nationale , Algeria gained its independence , with Algiers as its capital .
It now has about five million inhabitants , or 10 percent of Algeria 's population — and its suburbs now cover most of the surrounding Mitidja plain .
The demonstrators were repressed by the authorities ( more than 300 dead ) , but the movement constituted a turning point in the political history of modern Algeria .
However , only 26 remained hospitalized the following day .
Indigenous terrorist groups have been actively operating in Algeria since around 2002 .
The climate of Algiers , like that of other Mediterranean cities , features wet winters and dry summers .
Algiers on average receives roughly of rain per year , the bulk of which is seen between October and April .
The port of Algiers is sheltered from all winds .
An opening in the south jetty affords an entrance into Agha harbour , constructed in Agha Bay .
The forts and part of the ramparts were demolished at the beginning of the 20th century , when a line of forts occupying the heights of Bouzareah بوزريعة ( at an elevation of above the sea ) took their place .
Mohamed Ben Ali El Abbar , president of the Council d administration of the emirate group EMAAR , presented five " megaprojects " to Algerian President Abdelaziz Bouteflika , during a ceremony which took place Saturday , July 15 with the Palate of the People of Algiers .
A Hewlett Packard office for French-speaking countries in Africa is in Algiers .
Sports Algiers is the sporting centre of Algeria .
Among the sports facilities within the city , there is an enormous sporting complex – Complex of OCO – Mohamed Boudiaf .


( Persian : ابن هيثم , Arabic : أبو علي ، الحسن بن الحسن بن الهيثم , Latinized : Alhacen or ( deprecated ) Alhazen ) ( 965 in Basra – c. 1040 in Cairo ) was a Muslim scientist , polymath , mathematician , astronomer and philosopher , described in various sources as either an Arab or Persian .
He made significant contributions to the principles of optics , as well as to astronomy , mathematics , visual perception , and to the scientific method .
He is frequently referred to as Ibn al-Haytham , and sometimes as al-Basri ( Arabic : البصري ) , after his birthplace in the city of Basra .
During his time in Cairo , he contributed to the work of Dar-el-Hikma , the city 's " House of Wisdom " .
Legacy Alhazen made significant improvements in optics , physical science , and the scientific method .
The second theory , the intromission theory supported by Aristotle and his followers , had physical forms entering the eye from an object .
He attempted to resolve this by asserting that only perpendicular rays from the object would be perceived by the eye ; for any one point on the eye , only the ray which reached it directly , without being refracted by any other part of the eye , would be perceived .
His arguments regarding perpendicular rays do not clearly explain why only perpendicular rays were perceived ; why would the weaker oblique rays not be perceived more weakly ?
It comprises drawing lines from two points in the plane of a circle meeting at a point on the circumference and making equal angles with the normal at that point .
Although Alhazen made many subjective reports regarding vision , there is no evidence that he used quantitative psychophysical techniques and the claim has been rebuffed .
Therefore , the Moon appears closer and smaller high in the sky , and further and larger on the horizon .
The suggestion of mechanical models for the Earth centred Ptolemaic model " greatly contributed to the eventual triumph of the Ptolemaic system among the Christians of the West " .
Following on from his Doubts on Ptolemy , Alhazen described a new , geometry based planetary model , describing the motions of the planets in terms of spherical geometry , infinitesimal geometry and trigonometry .
In general , his model made no attempt to provide a causal explanation of the motions , but concentrated on providing a complete , geometric description which could be used to explain observed motions , without the contradictions inherent in Ptolomey 's model .
In his Opuscula , Alhazen considers the solution of a system of congruences , and gives two general methods of solution .
It appears to have been concerned with the question of whether animals could react to music , for example whether a camel would increase or decrease its pace .
He carried out a detailed scientific study of the annual inundation of the Nile River , and he drew plans for building a dam , at the site of the modern-day Aswan Dam .
Abd-el-latif , a supporter of Aristotle 's philosophical view of place , later criticized the work in Fi al-Radd ‘ ala Ibn al-Haytham fi al-makan ( A refutation of Ibn al-Haytham ’s place ) for its geometrization of place .
He may have been either a follower of the orthodox Ash ' ari school of Sunni Islamic theology according to Ziauddin Sardar and Lawrence Bettany ( and opposed to the views of the Mu ' tazili school ) , a follower of the Mu ' tazili school of Islamic theology according to Peter Edward Hodgson , or a follower of Shia Islam possibly according to A. I. Sabra .
Nearly half of his surviving works are on mathematics , 23 of them are on astronomy , and 14 of them are on optics , with a few on other subjects .
Not all his surviving works have yet been studied , but some of the ones that have are given below .
It can be said of late phase mannerist painting in Florence , that the city that had early breathed life into statuary with the works of masters like Donatello and Michelangelo , was still so awed by them that it petrified the poses of figures in painting .
This enabled them to control an empire that stretched 3,000 kilometers north to south .
As a result , their last king Ishaq ibn Ali was killed in Marrakesh in April 1147 by the Almohad s , who replaced them as a ruling dynasty both in Morocco and Al-Andalus .
Writing three centuries later , Ibn Abi Zar suggested it was chosen early on by Abdallah Ibn Yasin because , upon finding resistance among the Gudala Berbers of Adrar ( Mauritania ) to his teaching , he took a handful of followers to erect a makeshift ribat ( monastery-fortress ) on an offshore island ( possibly Tidra island , in Arguin bay ) .
Ibn Idhari wrote that the name was suggested by Ibn Yasin in the " persevering in the fight " sense , to boost morale after a particularly hard-fought battle in the Draa valley c. 1054 , in which they had taken many losses .
After the collapse of the Sanhaja union , Awdagust passed over to the Ghana empire and the trans-Saharan routes were taken over by the Zenata Maghrawa of Sijilmassa .
Ibn Yasin certainly had the ardor of a puritan zealot , his creed was mainly characterized by a rigid formalism and a strict adherence to the dictates of the Qur ' an , and the Orthodox tradition .
The Lamtuna leaders , however , kept Ibn Yasin on a careful leash , forging a more productive partnership between them .
They then came in contact with the Berghouata , a Berber tribal confederation , who followed a " heresy " founded by Salih ibn Tarif , three centuries earlier .
They were , however , completely conquered by Abu Bakr ibn Umar , and adopted Islam as a religion .
Zainab was the daughter of a wealthy merchant from Houara ( a Masmuda tribe ) , who is said to be from Kairouan in origin .
Yusuf ibn Tashfin had in the meantime brought what is now known as Morocco , Western Sahara and Mauretania into complete subjection .
They also had a flag carrier at the front who guided the forces behind him ; when the flag was upright the combatants behind would stand and when turned down , they would sit .

The APG III system ( 2009 ) places the genus in the family Xanthorrhoeaceae , subfamily Asphodeloideae .
In the past it has also been assigned to families Aloaceae and Liliaceae or lily family .
The genus is native to tropical and southern Africa , Madagascar , and Jordan to the Arabian Peninsula .
JPG | '' Aloe parvula '' File : Aloe peglerae01 .
jpg | '' Aloe maculata '' flower File : Aloe sophie plant and flowers .
[[1652]]

[[1653]]
Laws vary widely , and while most jurisdictions set the age of consent in the range 14 to 18 , ages of consent as low as 12 and as high as 21 exist .
The phrase " within age " was interpreted by jurist Sir Edward Coke as meaning the age of marriage , which at the time was 12 years of age .
In the 12th century Gratian , the influential founder of Canon law in medieval Europe , accepted age of puberty for marriage to be between 12 and 14 but acknowledged consent to be meaningful if the children were older than 7 .
A small number of Italian and German states introduced an age of consent in the 16th century , setting it at 12 years .
Portugal , Spain , Denmark and the Swiss cantons , initially set the age of consent at 10 – 12 years and then raised it to between 13 and 16 years in the second half of the 19th century .
A New York Times article states that it was still aged 7 in Delaware in 1895 .
This applies in cases where any of the partners travels into or out of the United States , or from one State into another one , for the purpose of a sexual encounter .
Amalric of Bena ( Amaury de Bène or Amaury de Chartres ; Almaricus , Amalricus , Amauricus ; died c. 1204-1207 ) was a French theologian , after whom the Amalricians are named .
His death was caused , it is said , by grief at the humiliation to which he had been subjected .
Afonso continued to distinguish himself by his exploits against the Moors , from whom he wrested Santarém ( see Conquest of Santarém ) and Lisbon in 1147 ( see Siege of Lisbon ) .
To ensure the alliance , his son Sancho was engaged to Dulce , sister of the Count of Barcelona and Infanta of Aragon .
As a king , Afonso II set a different approach of government .
Afonso did not pursue territory enlargement policies and managed to insure peace with Castile during his reign .
With Portugal 's position as a country firmly established , Afonso II endeavoured to weaken the power of the clergy and to apply a portion of the enormous revenues of the Roman Catholic Church to purposes of national utility .
Remembered as a notable administrator , Afonso III founded several towns , granted the title of city to many others and reorganized public administration .
Afonso showed extraordinary vision for the time .
References
The first-born of this union , Infanta Maria of Portugal , married King Alfonso XI of Castile in 1328 , at the same time that Afonso IV 's heir , Peter I of Portugal , was promised to another Castilian infanta , Constance of Peñafiel .
[[1661]]
Afonso V ( , originally Affonso ) KG ( 15 January 1432 – 28 August 1481 ) , called the African ( ) , was King of Portugal and the Algarves .
To secure his position as regent , Peter had Afonso marry his daughter , Isabella of Coimbra , in 1445 .
But on 9 June 1448 , when the king came of age , Peter had to surrender his power to Afonso V. The years of conspiracy by the Duke of Braganza finally came to a head .
This approval of slavery was reaffirmed and extended in the Romanus Pontifex bull of 1455 ( also by Nicholas V ) .
In 1475 he married his niece Joanna , La Beltraneja , whom he considered the legitimate heir to the crown .
After this , he retired to a monastery in Sintra where he died in 1481 .
Isabella died in 1455 and Afonso married again ( although not recognized by the Papacy ) in 1475 , this time to Joanna of Castile ( known as " La Beltraneja " ) , daughter of Henry IV of Castile and Joan of Portugal .
Notes References Articles Ancestry
Bernardo is the hero of a cantar de gesta ( chanson de geste ) written to please the anarchical spirit of the nobles .
Militarily , Alfonso did much to secure his own realm against the Moors .

Alfonso XII ( Spanish : Alfonso Francisco de Asís Fernando Pío Juan María de la Concepción Gregorio Pelayo ; English : Alphonse XII ) ( 28 November 1857 , in Madrid – 25 November 1885 , in El Pardo ) was King of Spain , reigning from 1874 to 1885 , after a coup d'état restored the monarchy and ended the ephemeral First Spanish Republic .
Political background , early life and paternity Alfonso was the eldest son of Queen Isabella II of Spain .
Officially , his father was her husband Francis , Duke of Cádiz .
As a result , he simply abandoned Spain , sick and tired , never to return .
But the republicans were not in agreement either , and they had to contend with the War in Cuba , Muslim uprisings in Spanish Morocco and the continuance of the Carlist Wars .
Thereupon the President resigned , and his power was transferred to the king 's plenipotentiary and adviser , Antonio Cánovas .
The children of this marriage were : In 1881 Alfonso refused to sanction a law by which the ministers were to remain in office for a fixed term of 18 months .
In 1902 , his widow Maria Cristina initiated a national contest to build a monument in memory of Alfonso .

His mother , Maria Christina of Austria , served as his regent until his 16th birthday .
During the regency , in 1898 , Spain lost its colonial rule over Cuba , Puerto Rico , Guam and the Philippines as a result of the Spanish-American War .
Dissenters of the monarchy , who felt that the war caused an unforgivable loss of money and soldiers , nicknamed Alfonso el Africano ( the African ) .
On 29 September 1936 , upon the death of Infante Alfonso Carlos , Duke of San Jaime ( also the Carlist pretender , but known to French legitimists as Charles XII ) , Alfonso also became the senior heir of Hugh Capet and so was hailed by legitimists as King Alphonse I of France and Navarre .
Alfonso XIII is also mentioned on the plaque to Ratoncito Pérez on the second floor of " la calle del Arenal " .

Alphonsus a Sancta Maria , or Alphonso de Cartagena ( 1396 – July 12 , 1456 ) , Spanish historian , was born at Cartagena , and succeeded his father , Paulus , as bishop of Burgos .
The marriage had been arranged by her father Alfonso VI of León in 1106 to unite the two chief Christian states against the Almoravides , and to supply them with a capable military leader .
Alfonso 's late marriage and his failure to remarry and produce the essential legitimate heir that should have been a dynastic linchpin of his aggressive territorial policies have been adduced as a lack of interest in women .
In 1107 , he took Tamarite de Litera and Esteban de la Litera .
The city fell on 18 December , and the forces of Alfonso occupied the Azuda , the government tower .
Promptly , the city was made Alfonso 's capital .
When Calatayud fell , he took Bubierca , Alhama de Aragón , Ariza , and Daroca ( 1120 ) .
He conquered Molina de Aragón and populated Monzón in 1129 , before besieging Valencia , which had fallen again upon the Cid 's death .
His final campaigns were against Mequinenza ( 1133 ) and Fraga ( 1134 ) , where García Ramírez , the future king of Navarre , and a mere 500 other knights fought with him .
His tomb is in the monastery of San Pedro in Huesca .
According to the second of these , the pretender was then living in Louis 's domains , meaning the Principality of Catalonia , which was ruled by Alfonso under Louis 's suzerainty .
This pretender was an old man ( appropriately , since the Battler had died some decades earlier ) and Alfonso II expressed confidence that Louis would arrest him at the earliest possible moment and bring him to justice .
The first letter supplies sufficient information to date it approximately , since the Bishop sojourned at the court of Louis on his way to Rome .
It is known from other sources that Berengar attended the Third Lateran Council in March 1179 .
Modern historian Antonio Ubieto Arteta , has hypothesised that the Aragonese lords of the tenencies of Zaragoza , Calatayud , and Daroca — Pedro de Luesia , Loferrench de Luna , Pedro de Castillazuelo ( lord of Calatayud ) , Pedro Cornel ( lord of Murillo de Gállego ) , and the majordomo Jimeno de Artusilla , all of whom disappear between 1177 and 1181 in the documentation of their tenencies — perhaps support , at least inititally , the pretender .
The legend was amplified in later years .
Notes References | -
From the dry ground in late summer ( March in its native habitat and August in zone 7 ) each bulb produces one or two leafless stems 30 – 60 cm tall , each of which bears a cluster of 2 to 12 funnel-shaped flower s at their tops .
At the time both South African and South American plants were placed in the same genus ; subsequently they were separated into two different genera .
If the latter , Amaryllis would be the correct name for the genus Hippeastrum , and a different name would have to be used for the genus discussed here .
Amaryllis belladonna has been crossed in cultivation with Crinum moorei to produce a hybrid called × Amarcrinum , which has named cultivars .
However , he later pressed his brother to retract the claims and instead supported claim from the Papal States .
Amasis II ( ) or Ahmose II was a pharaoh ( 570 B.C.E. – 526 B.C.E. ) of the Twenty-sixth dynasty of Egypt , the successor of Apries at Sais .
Some information is known about the family origins of Amasis : his mother was a certain Tashereniset as a bust statue of this lady , which is today located in the British Museum , shows .
Herodotus describes how Amasis II would eventually cause a confrontation with the Persian armies .
According to Herodotus , Amasis , was asked by Cambyses II or Cyrus the Great for an Egyptian ophthalmologist on good terms .
Herodotus also describes that just like his predecessor , Amasis II relied on Greek mercenaries and council men .
Amasis would send one of his eunuch s to capture Phanes , but the eunuch is bested by the wise council man and Phanes flees to Persia , meeting up with Cambyses providing advice in his invasion of Egypt .
He also married a Greek princess named Ladice daughter of King Battus III and made alliances with Polycrates of Samos and Croesus of Lydia .
jpg | Papyrus , written in demotic script in the 35th year of Amasis II , on display at the Louvre Image : Louvres-antiquites-egyptiennes-img 2711 .

In late 1423 the Genoese fleet of Filippo Maria Visconti moved in the southern Tyrrhenian Sea , rapidly conquering Gaeta , Procida , Castellammare and Sorrento .
Connection with Ethiopia Alfonso was the object of diplomatic contacts from the empire of Ethiopia .
In return , Alfonso sent a party of 13 craftsmen , all of whom perished on the way to Ethiopia .
More purely Hellenic myth would have Amathus settled instead by one of the sons of Heracles , thus accounting for the fact that he was worshiped there .
The excavators discovered the final stage of the Temple of Aphrodite , also known as Aphrodisias , which dates approximately to the 1st century BC .
It certainly maintained strong Phoenicia n sympathies , for it was its refusal to join the philhellene league of Onesilos of Salamis which provoked the revolt of Cyprus from Achaemenid Persia in 500-494 BC , when Amathus was besieged unsuccessfully and avenged itself by the capture and execution of Onesilos .
At the coastal side of the city there are indications of an Early Christian basilica with mosaic floors decorated with semi-precious stones .


A very small number of his instruments survive , dated between the years of 1560 and 1574 and most bearing the coat of arms of Charles IX of France .
He was the most eminent of the family .
Extant Amati instruments In popular culture See also References External links

In his writing he makes mention of a moment when Alexander 's secondary naval commander , Onesicritus , was reading the Amazon passage of his Alexander history to King Lysimachus of Thrace who was on the original expedition : the king smiled at him and said " And where was I , then ? "
Yet another different set of names is found in Valerius Flaccus ' Argonautica : he mentions Euryale , Harpe , Lyce , Menippe and Thoe .
In the story related by Herodotus , a group of Amazons was blown across the Maeotian Lake ( the Sea of Azov ) into Scythia near the cliff region ( today 's southeastern Crimea ) .
According to Herodotus , this band moved toward the northeast , settling beyond the Tanais ( Don ) river , and became the ancestors of the Sauromatians .
Procopius places them in the Caucasus .
The Amazons exist outside the range of normal human experience . "
Nevertheless , there are various proposals for a historical nucleus of the Amazons of Greek historiography , the most obvious candidates being historical Scythia and Sarmatia in line with the account by Herodotus , but some authors prefer a comparison to cultures of Asia Minor or even Minoan Crete .
Up to 25 % of military burials were of armed Sarmatian women usually including bows .
Before modern archaeology uncovered some of the Scythian burials of warrior-maidens entombed under kurgan s in the region of Altai Mountains and Sarmatia , giving concrete form at last to the Greek tales , the origin of the Amazon story had been the subject of speculation among classics scholars .
Ancient Egyptians burned ambergris as incense , while in modern Egypt ambergris is used for scenting cigarettes .
His plan is to recover the corpse himself in hopes that it contains ambergris .
In the 2001 film Hannibal , Hannibal Lecter sends Clarice Starling a letter which he writes while intentionally wearing a hand lotion containing ambergris , correctly assuming that this would ultimately aid her in discovering his location in Florence , Italy , due to it being legal only in few parts of the world .
In 54 BC Caesar 's troops urgently needed more food and thereby the local tribes were forced to give up part of their harvest , which had not been good that year .
A few Roman survivors make it back to their winter quarters where they commit suicide that night .
The tribes were slaughtered or driven out and their fields burned .
Ambiorix remained forgotten until the 19th century .
In the Walloon edition he ended in 50th place .
Life He was born at Mýto , Rokycany District , Bohemia .
See also Notes References
Drainage area The Amazon Basin , the largest in the world , covers about 40 % of South America , an area of approximately .
In an average dry season , of land are water-covered , while in the wet season , the flooded area of the Amazon Basin rises to .
Among others , these include the following rivers : Putumayo , Caquetá , Vaupés , Guainía , Morona , Pastaza , Nucuray , Urituyacu , Chambira , Tigre , Nanay , Napo , and Huallaga .
The waters from Nevado Mismi flow into the Quebradas Carhuasanta and Apacheta , which flow into the Río Apurímac which is a tributary of the Ucayali which later joins the Marañón to form the Amazon proper .
While the Ucayali – Marañón confluence is the point at which most geographers place the beginning of the Amazon proper , in Brazil the river is known at this point as the Solimões das Águas .
The Madeira River rises and falls two months earlier than most of the rest of the Amazon .
At Manacapuru the Amazon 's water level is only about above mean sea level .
The Pará and the Amazon are connected by a series of river channels called furos near the town of Breves ; between them lies Marajó , the world 's largest combined river/sea island .
It is classified as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature .
The Amazon and its tributaries are the main habitat of the giant otter ( Pteronura brasiliensis ) .
Another Amazonian freshwater fish is the arowana ( or aruanã in Portuguese ) , such as the silver arowana ( Osteoglossum bicirrhosum ) , which is also a predator and very similar to the arapaima but only reaches a length of .
After a journey of 600 km down the Napo River , constantly threatened by the Omaguas , they reached a further major confluence , at a point near modern Iquitos , and then followed what is now known as the Amazon River for a further 1,200 km to its confluence with the Rio Negro ( near modern Manaus ) , which they reached on 3 June 1542 .
In what is currently Brazil , Ecuador , Bolivia , Colombia , Peru , and Venezuela , a number of colonial and religious settlements were established along the banks of primary rivers and tributaries for the purpose of trade , slaving and evangelization among the indigenous peoples of the vast rain forest , such as the Urarina .
Father Fritz , apostle of the Omaguas , established some forty mission villages .
Post-colonial history The Cabanagem , one of the bloodiest regional wars ever in Brazil , which was chiefly directed against the white ruling class , reduced the population of Pará from about 100,000 to 60,000 .
In that same period , the Amazonas Company was increasing its fleet .
Local trade along the river was carried on by the English successors to the Amazonas Company — the Amazon Steam Navigation Company — as well as numerous small steamboats , belonging to companies and firms engaged in the rubber trade , navigating the Negro , Madeira , Purús and many other tributaries , such as the Marañón to ports as distant as Nauta , Peru .
By the turn of the 20th century , the exports of the Amazon Basin were India-rubber , cacao bean s , Brazil nut s and a few other products of minor importance , such as pelts and exotic forest produce ( resin s , barks , woven hammock s , prized bird feather s , live animals ) and extracted goods such as lumber and gold .
The network 's three pioneering highways were completed within ten years but never fulfilled their promise .
With a current population of 1.8 million people , Manaus is the Amazon 's largest city .
A study by Brazilian scientists concluded that the Amazon is actually longer than the Nile .
It flows from the Andean foothills to the Atlantic coast in a nearly west-to-east direction like the Amazon River .
Water in these places drills its way downward by dissolving the carbonate rock to form an extensive underground river system .
Major tributaries The Amazon has over 1,100 tributaries , 17 of which are over long .

Autpert Ambrose ( Ambroise ) ( ) ( ca. 730 – 784 ) was a Frankish Benedictine monk .
He ruled over the Rashidun Caliphate from 632 – 634 CE when he became the first Muslim Caliph following Muhammad 's death .
On his return from a business trip to Yemen , he was informed that in his absence Muhammad had openly declared his prophethood .
In Arabic , the name ' Abd Allah ' means " servant of Allah " .
4 , p. 146 and many other narrations , narrates from Qasim Ibn Muhammad Ibn Abi Bakr , " I asked Ayesha the name of Abu Bakr .
I said people are saying Ateeq .
He was mentioned in the Quran as the " second of the two who lay in the cave " in reference to the event of hijra , with Muhammad where they hid in the cave in Jabal Thawr from the Mecca n search party that was sent after them , thus being one of few who were given direct reference to in the Quran .
He then taught his son Hisham ibn Urwah , who was the main teacher of Malik ibn Anas whose views many Sunni follow .
Tabari relates ( Suyuti also relates the same through Ibn Sa 'd al-Baghdadi 's report ) from Aisha her description of Abu Bakr : He was a man with fair skin , thin , emaciated , with a sparse beard , a slightly hunched frame , sunken eyes and protruding forehead , and the bases of his fingers were hairless .
Business trips took him to Yemen , Syria , and elsewhere .
Though his father , Uthman Abu Quhafa , was still alive , he came to be recognized as chief of his tribe .
Addressing an idol , Abu Bakr said " O my God , I am in need of beautiful clothes ; bestow them on me " .
That exhausted the patience of young Abu Bakr .
Thereafter , he never went to the Kaaba to pray to the idols .
As for the foremost one in the matter of Islam and faith , it was Ali ibn Abi Talib ' " Other Sunnis and all Shi'a Muslims maintain that the second person to publicly accept Muhammed as the messenger of God was Ali ibn Abi Talib , the first being Muhammad 's wife Khadija .
His other wife , Um Ruman , became a Muslim .
Those who converted to Islam at the insistence of Abu Bakr were : Abu Bakr 's acceptance proved to be a milestone in Muhammad 's mission .
Abu Bakr felt compassion for slaves , so he purchased eight slaves ( four men and four women ) and then freed them , paying 40,000 dinar for their freedom .
there are no scales !
Soon he felt hard pressed and asked permission of Muhammad to go to Abyssinia .
Once again the Quraysh were free to persecute Abu Bakr .
The migration began in batches .
Due to this the following verse of the Qur ' an was revealed : If ye help not ( your Leader ) ( it is no matter ) : for Allah did indeed help him ; when the unbelievers drove him out : he had no more than one companion : they two were in the cave , and he said to his companion " Have no Fear , for Allah is with us " : then Allah sent down His peace upon him , and strengthened him with forces which ye saw not , and humbled to the depths the word of the Unbelievers .
He answered , " Yes ! "
After Abu Bakr 's family arrived in Medina he bought another house near Muhammad 's .
His son later converted to Islam and gained fame during the Muslim conquest of Syria as a fierce warrior .
Conflict with Jewish tribes Later in the year Abu Bakr was a part of campaign against the Jew ish tribe of Banu Nadir .
To commemorate this event a mosque was later constructed at the site where Abu Bakr had heroically repulsed the charges of the enemy .
Before the conquest of Mecca his father Uthman Abu Quhafa converted to Islam .
A few days later Malik bin Auf the commander , came to Mecca and became a Muslim .
When Muhammad asked him how much he had left for himself and his family he said that he has given one half of his wealth for the cause of God and had left one half for himself and his dependents .
Some time after Abu Bakr and his party had left for Hajj , Muhammad received a revelation about the regulation of the Hajj , and the ordering of relationships with the infidels .
At Mecca , Abu Bakr presided at the Hajj ceremony , and Ali read the proclamation on behalf of Muhammad .
We can thus say that on this occasion Abu Bakr represented the temporal side , while Ali represented the spiritual side .
The Sunni Hadith collection , Sunan Abu Dawud mentions the event Death of Muhammad A short time after returning from the farewell pilgrimage , Muhammad became ill .
The door referred to here is the door to the mosque of Muhammad .
Abu Bakr knew more than us .
Abu Hurairah reported that Muhammad said , " Jibreel came to me , held my hand and pointed out to me the gate of Paradise through which my Ummah will enter it . "
I wish that I had been with you and seen the gate ! "
Abu Saeed al Khudri reported that Muhammad said : " Every prophet has two wazeer ( ministers ) from the dwellers of the heaven ( angels ) and two wazeer from the inhabitants of the earth .
Accounts of this meeting vary greatly .
However later a minority , took this concept one step further and also started thinking , what if history took a different course and these ideas were later odopted by some Twelver Shia and institutionalised by the Safavids in the 1500s .
For the first time in the history of Islam , the Safavids also established a hierarchical organization of the Shiite clergy and funded this hierarchy through the collection of waqf and Khums .
After the death of a tribal leader the alliance with the tribe of that leader was regarded as having ended .
After initial hesitation , Abu Bakr made a committee headed by Zayd ibn Thabit which included the memorizers of the Qur ' an and Umar and to collect all verses of the Book .
After collecting all Qur ' anic verses from texts in the possession of various sahaba , Zayd ibn Thabit and members of his committee verified the reading by comparing with those who had memorized the Qur ' an .
Later historians give Uthman Ibn Affan the principal credit for re-verification and publishing the Qur ' an .
Shi'as reject the idea that Abu Bakr or Umar were instrumental in the collection or preservation of the Qur ' an .
He sent his most brilliant general Khalid ibn al-Walid to invade the Sassanid Empire .
Abu Bakr started with the invasion of Iraq .
Returning from Arabia , he got news of the assembling of a large Persian army .
Four divisions of Persian and Christian Arab auxiliaries were present at Hanafiz , Zumiel , Sanni and Muzieh .
They came out of the fortified city and attacked Shurhabil , surrounding him from all sides ; Khalid reached the arena with his advance guard cavalry and saved the day for Shurhabil .
These engagements delayed Khalid ’s advance and gave Thomas enough time to prepare for siege .
He is revered for being the first Muslim ruler to establish : He has the distinction of purchasing the land for Al-Masjid al-Nabawi .
Sunni view Sunni Muslims also consider Abu Bakr as one of al - ` Ashara al-Mubasharîn fi-l-Janna ( The Ten Promised Paradise ) whom Muhammad had testified were destined for Paradise .
He was always there beside Muhammad at every major event .
Abu Bakr is regarded to be among best persons from the followers of Muhammad , as Umar ibn Khattab stated that ‘ If the faith of Abu Bakr was weighed against the faith of the people of the earth , the faith of Abu Bakr would outweigh the others .
This even led to drawing of swords between them .
Shi'a view The Twelver Shi'a have a different view of Abu Bakr .
By Allah !
The Twelver Shi'a believe that Abu Bakr sent Khalid ibn Walid to crush those who were in favour of Ali 's caliphate ( see Ridda Wars ) .
Therefore Qasim ibn Muhammad ibn Abu Bakr was the grand son of Abu Bakr the first caliph and the grand father of Jafar al-Sadiq .
Zayd ibn Ali said , " I have not heard anyone in my family renouncing them both nor saying anything but good about them ... when they were entrusted with government they behaved justly with the people and acted according to the Qur ' an and the Sunnah " The differences between the Sunni and Shia amplified after the Safavid invasion of Persia and the subsequent Safavid conversion of Iran to Shia Islam due to the politics between the Safavids and the Ottoman Empire .
I have done my soul a great harm and no one can forgive sins except You ; so grant me forgiveness with Your Pleasure , and have Pity on me .
Another narration goes , " If they see evil practiced and do not attempt to change it ... " According to a narration of Abu Bakr as reported in Jami al Tirmidhi , Tafsir ibn Jarir and elsewhere , when Muhammed recited this verse ( 4:123 ) , " And whoever does evil shall be requited for it " to him , he felt as if his back was broken .
As it appears in another narration , he said , " O Abu Bakr , do you not get sick ?
Are you never tested by distress and sorrow ? "
But in this Council , and later , in that of Florence , Ambrose , by his efforts and charity toward some poor Greek bishops , greatly helped to bring about a union of the two Churches , the decree for which , 6 July 1439 , he was called on to draw up .
The priests of the congregation undertook preaching and other tasks of the ministry but were not allowed to accept charge parishes .
Published works have survived from the pen of Ascanio Tasca and Michele Mulozzani , each of whom was superior-general , and of Zaccaria Visconti , Francesco-Maria Guazzi and Paolo Fabulotti .

This commentary was erroneously attributed for a long time to St Ambrose .
Several other minor works have been attributed to this same author , along with a lengthy collection of exegetical and polemical tractates , the Quaestiones Veteris et Novi Testamenti , which manuscripts have traditionally ascribed to Augustine .
Fragments of several other words have been ascribed with some certainty to Ambrosiaster : a commentary on Matthew 24 , a discussion of the parable of the three measures of flour into which a woman placed yeast , and a treatment of Peter 's denial and the arrest of Jesus in Gethsemane .
References Notes Bibliography Texts Studies External links

According to Gildas , Ambrosius organised the survivors into an armed force and achieved the first military victory over the Saxon invaders .
Roman military tribunes ( tribuni militum ) , senior officers in Roman legions , wore a similar purple band so the reference may be to a family background of military leadership .
This story was later retold with more detail by Geoffrey of Monmouth in his fictionalized Historia Regum Britanniae , conflating the personage of Ambrosius with the Welsh tradition of Merlin the visionary , known for oracular utterances that foretold the coming victories of the native Celt ic inhabitants of Britain over the Saxons and the Normans .
This is perhaps a generation before the battle that Gildas says was commanded by Ambrosius Aurelianus .
( This does not fit with Gildas ' account , in which Ambrosius ' family perished in the turmoil of the Saxon uprisings . )
In Alfred Duggan 's Conscience of the King , a historical novel about Cerdic , founder of the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Wessex , Ambrosius Aurelianus is a Romano-British general who rose independently to military power , forming alliances with various British kings and setting out to drive the invading Saxons from Britain .
He is poisoned soon after becoming High King of Britain , and Uther succeeds him .
In Rosemary Sutcliff 's The Lantern Bearers Prince Ambrosius Aurelianus of Arfon drives out the Saxons by training his British army with Roman techniques and making effective use of cavalry .
By the end of the novel , the elite cavalry wing is led by a dashing young warrior prince named Artos , whom Sutcliff postulates to be the real Arthur .
Their dwelling-place was on the east of the Dead Sea and the Jordan , between the Arnon and the Jabbok , but , before the advance of the Hebrews , they had been dispossessed of a portion of their land by the Amorites , who founded , along the east side of the Jordan and the Dead Sea , the kingdom of Sihon ( Numbers 21:21 - 31 ) .
In the Book of Judges , the Ammonites work with Eglon , king of the Moabites against Israel .
Attacks by the Ammonites on Israelite communities east of the Jordan were the impetus behind the unification of the tribes under Saul .
Tobiah the Ammonites united with Sanballat to oppose Nehemiah ( Nehemiah 4 ) , and their opposition to the Jews did not cease with the establishment of the latter in Judea .
The Ammonites , with some of the neighboring tribes , did their utmost to resist and check the revival of the Jewish power under Judas Maccabaeus .
The last notice of the Ammonites is in Justin Martyr ( second century ) Dialogue with Trypho ( § 119 ) , where it is affirmed that they were still a numerous people , concentrated in the south of Palestine .
[[1723]]
He was a pupil of Proclus in Athens , and taught at Alexandria for most of his life , writing commentaries on Plato , Aristotle , and other philosophers .
When they reached adulthood , Aedesia accompanied her sons to Athens where they studied under Proclus .
Damascius , who scolds Ammonius for the agreement that he made , does not say what the concessions were , but it may have involved limitations on the doctrines he could teach or promote .
Notes References Further reading External links
He was undoubtably the biggest influence on Plotinus in his development of Neoplatonism , although little is known about his own philosophical views .
Later Christian writers stated that Ammonius was a Christian , but it is now generally assumed that there was a different Ammonius of Alexandria who wrote biblical texts .
Life Not much is known about the life of Ammonius Saccas .
His cognomen " Sakkas " has been misinterpreted deliberately by bishop Theodeoretos in order to ridicule the highly esteemed Neoplatonic teacher , as meaning " sakkos " , " sack " , insinuating that he must have started out as an uneducated porter in the harbour of Alexandria .
The intensity of commerce of goods and ideas between Alexandria and India makes this a wholly possible option .
According to Porphyry , the parents of Ammonius were Christians , but upon learning Greek philosophy , Ammonius rejected his parents ' religion for paganism .
He was a contemporary of the prophet Hosea , but likely preceded him .
Rehoboam is reported to have fortified Tekoa along with other cities in Judah in 2 Chronicles 11:5 -6 .
There are some differing opinions as to the location of the Tekoa Amos was presumably from .
Two other opinions of where Amos ' writings were recorded deserve mention .
However , Amos came to tell the people that " the Day of the LORD " was coming soon and that it meant divine judgment and justice for their own iniquity .
Throughout the 5th century BC , Athens sought to consolidate its control over Thrace , which was strategically important because of its primary materials ( the gold and silver of the Pangaion hills and the dense forests essential for naval construction ) , and the sea routes vital for Athens ' supply of grain from Scythia .
Furthermore , the Etymologicum Genuinum gives the following definition : a city of the Athenians or of Thrace , which was once called Nine Routes , ( so named ) because it is encircled and surrounded by the Strymon river .
Amphipolis subsequently became the main power base of the Athenians in Thrace and , consequently , a target of choice for their Sparta n adversaries .
The Athenian population remained very much in the minority within the city .
A rescue expedition led by the Athenian strategos ( general , and later historian ) Thucydides had to settle for securing Eion and could not retake Amphipolis , a failure for which Thucydides was sentenced to exile .
Brasidas survived long enough to hear of the defeat of the Athenians and was buried at Amphipolis with impressive pomp .
After the conquest by Philip II , the city was not immediately incorporated into the kingdom , and for some time preserved its institutions and a certain degree of autonomy .
Nomenclature , the calendar and the currency ( the gold stater , installed by Philip to capitalise on the gold reserves of the Pangaion hills , replaced the Amphipolitan drachma ) were all replaced by Macedonian equivalents .
Though little is known of the layout of the town , modern knowledge of its institutions is in considerably better shape thanks to a rich epigraphic documentation , including a military ordinance of Philip V and an ephebarchic ( ? )
This small port continued to enjoy some prosperity , before being abandoned during the Ottoman period .
Amram , the father of Moses and Aaron , is a revered patriarch of Islam .
Prior to his death , according to the Book of Jubilees , Amram was among those who went to Egypt and recovered the bones of the sons of his grandfather and great uncles ( excluding those of Joseph which had already been brought to Canaan ) , so that they could be reburied in the cave of Machpelah .
References
With money flowing into Olynthus from these exports , their power grew .
After the King 's Peace 387 BC , Sparta was anxious to re-establish its presence in the north of Greece .
When Amyntas sought Spartan aid against the growing threat of Olynthus , the Spartans eagerly responded .
He also entered into a league with Jason of Pherae , and assiduously cultivated the friendship of Athens .
In 371 BC at a Panhellenic congress of the Lacedaemonian allies , he voted in support of the Athenians ' claim and joined other Greeks in voting to help Athens to recover possession of Amphipolis .
Amyntas shipped the timber to the house of the Athenian Timotheus , in the Piraeus .
Solon replied , " It 's better to make friends at home . "
He was said to have written a book comparing the laws of the Scythians with the laws of the Greeks , as well as work on the art of war .
The book went through many editions , was reprinted in the United States and translated into German and other languages .
( 16th century BC ) refers to it is improbable ; but we seem to be justified in holding Anah to be the town " in the middle of the Euphrates " opposite ( ina put ) to which Assur-nasir-pal halted in his campaign of 879 BC .
In 1835 the steamer " Tigris " of the English Euphrates expedition went down in a hurricane just above Anah , near where Julian 's force had suffered from a similar storm .
The houses are separated from one another by fruit gardens .
In the case of Gautama Buddha the pair of disciples were Sariputta and Mahamoggallana and the attendant Ānanda .
The Buddha sometimes asked him to substitute for him as teacher and then later stated that he himself would not have presented the teachings in any other way .
At the First Buddhist Council , convened shortly after the Buddha died , Ananda was called upon to recite many of the discourses that later became the Sutta Pitaka of the Pāli Canon .
However , Buddha said that the purity of his heart was so great that , " Should Ananda die without being fully liberated ; he would be king of the gods seven times because of the purity of his heart , or be king of the Indian subcontinent seven times .
The book contains this passage , explaining how Anaxagoras became influential : William H. Gass begins his novel , The Tunnel ( 1995 ) , with a quote from Anaxagoras : " The descent to hell is the same from every place . "


Plutarch tells a story that at Bactra , in 327 BC in a debate with Callisthenes , he advised all to worship Alexander as a god even during his lifetime , is with greater probability attributed to the Sicilian Cleon .
It is thought that he represents a link between the atomism of Democritus , and the skepticism of Pyrrho .
References External links


Quintilian seems to refer to this work under Anaximenes ' name in Institutio Oratoria 3.4.9 , as the Italian Renaissance philologist Piero Vettori first recognized .
Jebb entertained the possibility that this work survives in the form of the Encomium of Helen ascribed to Gorgias : " It appears not improbable that Anaximenes may have been the real author of the work ascribed to Gorgias . "
He was one of the eight exemplary historiographers included in the Alexandrian canon .
The more ambitious theory of Wilhelm Nitsche , which assigned to Anaximenes a larger part of the Demosthenic corpus ( speeches 10-13 and 25 , letters 1-4 , proems ) , can be rejected .

[[1747]]
The declaration is notable since , according to Livy , it was the first time that the Romans had declared war by means of the rites of the fetial s. Ancus Marcius marched from Rome with a newly levied army and took the Latin town of Politorium ( situated near the town of Lanuvium ) by storm .
More Latins were brought to Rome as citizens and were settled at the foot of the Aventine near the Palatine Hill , by the temple of Murcia Ancus Marcius incorporated the Janiculum into the city , fortifying it with a wall and connecting it with the city by a wooden bridge across the Tiber , the Pons Sublicius .
Traveler reports The name of the Andaman Islands is ancient .
It is possible that ancient geographers like Ptolemy also knew of the Andamans but referred to them by a different name .
Marco Polo briefly mentions the Andamans ( calling them Angamanain ) , though it is uncertain whether he visited the islands and if he did , whether he met the natives if he did , because he describes them as having heads like dogs .
In 1855 , the government proposed another settlement on the islands , including a convict establishment , but the Indian Rebellion of 1857 forced a delay in its construction .
In 1867 , the ship Nineveh wrecked on the reef of North Sentinel Island .
On the third day , they were attacked with iron-tipped spears by naked islanders .
The Andaman colony became notorious with the murder of the Viceroy Richard Southwell Bourke , 6th Earl of Mayo , on a visit to the settlement ( 8 February 1872 ) , by a Muslim convict , a Pathan from Afghanistan , Sher Ali .
In the same year , the two island groups Andaman and Nicobar , were united under a chief commissioner residing at Port Blair .
The Ten Degree Channel separates the Andamans from the Nicobar Islands to the south .
Major commercial timber species are Gurjan ( Dipterocarpus spp . )
Demographics The population of the Andaman was 343,125 in 2011 , having grown from 50,000 in 1960 .
Indigenous Andamanese Of the people who live in the Andaman Islands , a small minority of about 1,000 are the so-called Andamanese , the aboriginal inhabitants ( adivasi ) of the islands .
The Onge are reduced to less than 100 people .
Due to the length of these routes and the small number of airlines flying to the islands , fares have traditionally been relatively expensive , although cheaper for locals than visitors .
See also Notes References External links
In his youth he went to the continent and taught mathematics in Paris , where he published or edited , between the years 1612 and 1619 , various geometric and algebra ic tracts .
He was selected by the executors of Vieta to revise and edit Viete 's manuscript works .
References See also
He was active 1584-1610 in Florence .
Andrew II the Jerosolimitan ( Hungarian : Jeruzsálemi II András / Endre , Ukrainian : Андрій II , Croatian : Andrija II .
He was the first Hungarian king who introduced the feudal system in Kingdom of Hungary .
Nevertheless , when Prince Vladimir II Yaroslavich of Halych , who had been expelled from his country by his subjects , fled to Hungary seeking for assistance in 1188 , King Béla III had him arrested and occupied his principality and he invested Andrew with Halych .
However , Andrew used the money to recruit followers among the barons and also sought the assistance of Leopold VI , Duke of Austria .
Andrew made a radical alteration in the internal policy followed by his predecessors and he began to bestow the royal estates to his partisans .
Struggles for Halych During the first years of his reign , Andrew was occupied with the discords within the Principality of Halych .
Nevertheless , Andrew decided to fulfill his father 's oath and made preparations for a Crusade .
Andrew appointed Pontius de Cruce , Master of the Order in the Hungarian Kingdom , as a regent in Croatia and Dalmatia .
The Golden Bull and the Diploma Andreanum On his return , he found its kingdom in anarchy .
In 1224 , Andrew issued the Diploma Andreanum which unified and ensured the special privileges of the Transylvanian Saxons .
In the same year , Andrew expelled the Teutonic Knights from Transylvania because they had ignored his overlordship .
In the second half of 1226 , Andrew lead his armies to Halych on the request of his youngest son , Andrew .
Hume was disappointed with the reception of the Treatise , which " fell dead-born from the press , " as he put it , and so tried again to disseminate his more developed ideas to the public by writing a shorter and more polemical work .
Empirical epistemology 1 .
The former , he tells the reader , are proved by demonstration , while the latter are given through experience .
5 .
He reasons that , i ) if we knew the nature of this power , then the mind-body divide would seem totally unmysterious to us ; ii ) if we had immediate knowledge of this mysterious power , then we would be able to intuitively explain why it is that we can control some parts of our bodies ( e.g. , our hands or tongues ) , and not others ( e.g. , the liver or heart ) ; iii ) we have no immediate knowledge of the powers which allow an impulse of volition to create an action ( e.g. , of the " muscles , and nerves , and animal spirits " which are the immediate cause of an action ) .
( Hume 1974:361 ) He then produces three explanations for how we account for causation : 8 .
( Hume 1974:390 ) There is one final criterion that Hume thinks gives us warrant to doubt any given testimony , and that is f ) if the propositions being communicated are miraculous .
Hume understands a miracle to be any event which contradicts the laws of nature .
Second , he notes that human beings delight in a sense of wonder , and this provides a villain with an opportunity to manipulate others .
But if every historian were to assert that Queen Elizabeth was observed walking around happy and healthy after her funeral , and then interpreted that to mean that they had risen from the dead , then we 'd have reason to appeal to natural laws in order to dispute their interpretation .
His friend argues that , though it is possible to trace a cause from an effect , it is not possible to infer unseen effects from a cause thus traced .
The friend insists , then , that even though we might postulate that there is a first cause behind all things — God — we ca n't infer anything about the afterlife , because we do n't know anything of the afterlife from experience , and we ca n't infer it from the existence of God .
Of the academical or skeptical philosophy ( in three parts ) The first section of the last chapter is well organized as an outline of various skeptical arguments .
The treatment includes the arguments of atheism , Cartesian skepticism , " light " skepticism , and rationalist critiques of empiricism .
If we take in our hand any volume ; of divinity or school metaphysics , for instance ; let us ask , Does it contain any abstract reasoning concerning quantity or number ?
In Tabriz , André de Longjumeau met with a monk from the Far East , named Simeon Rabban Ata , who had been put in charge by the Khan of protecting the Christians in the Middle-East .
On arrival at the supreme Mongol court — either that on the Imyl river ( near Lake Alakol and the present Russo-Chinese frontier in the Altai ) , or more probably at or near Karakorum itself , south-west of Lake Baikal — Andrew found Güyük Khan dead , poisoned , as the envoy supposed , by Batu Khan 's agents .
The regent-mother Oghul Qaimish ( the " Camus " of William of Rubruck ) seems to have received and dismissed him with presents and a letter for Louis IX , the latter a fine specimen of Mongol insolence .
But it is certain that before the friar had quit " Tartary " Möngke , Güyük 's successor , had been elected .

As his first attempt , Andriskos travelled to Syria to request military help from Demetrius Soter of Syria .
His maternal grandparents were King Levon II of Armenia and Queen Keran of Armenia .
Life Andronikos was born in Constantinople on his grandfather 's 38th birthday .
The elder Andronikos disowned his grandson , whereupon Andronikos III fled the capital and rallied his supporters around him in Thrace .
Despite these troubles Andronikos III secured the extension of Byzantine control over Thessaly in 1333 and Epirus in 1337 , by taking advantage of succession crises in these principalities .
In spite of several not insignificant reverses at the hands of Bulgarians , Serbians , and Ottomans , the Emperor had provided the Empire with active leadership , had cooperated with able administrators , and had come closer than any of his predecessors in re-establishing Byzantine control over the Greek peninsula .
Andronikos III died at Constantinople , aged 44 , in 1341 .
They had an unnamed son , who died shortly after birth in 1321 .
Andronikos II Palaiologos sought to resolve some of the problems facing the Byzantine Empire through diplomacy .
Being more ruthless and savage than the enemy they intended to subdue they quarreled with Michael IX , and eventually openly turned on their Byzantine employers after the murder of Roger de Flor in 1305 , devastating together with a party of willing Turks Thrace , Macedonia , and Thessaly on their road to Latin occupied southern Greece .
There they conquered the Duchy of Athens and Thebes .


Biography Early years Andronikos Komnenos was born early in the 12th century , around 1118 .
He was endowed by nature with the most remarkable gifts both of mind and body : he was handsome and eloquent , but licentious ; and , at the same time , active , hardy , courageous , a great general and an able politician .
He was removed from court , but received the province of Cilicia .
He took refuge with King Amalric I of Jerusalem , whose favour he gained , and who invested him with the Lordship of Beirut .
In Jerusalem he saw Theodora Komnene , the beautiful widow of King Baldwin III and niece of the Emperor Manuel .
This gave Andronikos the opportunity to seize the crown for himself , leaving his retirement in 1182 and marching to Constantinople with an army that ( according to non-Byzantine sources ) included Muslim contingents .
He died on September 12 , 1185 .
Their branch of the dynasty was known as the " Great Komnenoi " ( Megaskomnenoi ) .
Biography Ammianus was born between 325 and 330 in the Greek - speaking East , possibly at Antioch on the Orontes .
Though pagan , Marcellinus was mostly tolerant of Christians .
Apollo 13 was the seventh manned mission in the American Apollo space program and the third intended to land on the Moon .
Crew Prime and backup crew By the standard crew rotation in place during the Apollo program , the prime crew for Apollo 13 would have been the backup crew for Apollo 10 with Mercury and Gemini veteran L. Gordon Cooper in command .
Thus , the original assignment Slayton submitted to his superiors for this flight was : However , for the first time ever , Slayton 's recommendation was rejected by management , who felt that Shepard needed more time to train properly for a lunar flight , as he had only recently benefited from experimental surgery to correct an inner ear disorder which had kept him grounded since his first Mercury flight in 1961 .
Support crew Flight directors Mission insignia The astronauts ' mission insignia was sculpted as a medallion titled Steeds of Apollo by Lumen Martin Winter and was struck by the Franklin Mint .
An anomaly occurred when the second-stage , center ( inboard ) engine shut down about two minutes early .
Pogo oscillations had been seen on previous Titan rockets , and also on the Saturn V during Apollo 6 , but on Apollo 13 they were amplified by an unexpected interaction with turbopump cavitation .
The shock also either partially ruptured a line from the number-1 oxygen tank , or caused its check or relief valve to leak , causing its contents to leak out into space over the next 130 minutes , entirely depleting the SM 's oxygen supply .
This situation had been suggested during an earlier training simulation , but had not been considered a likely scenario .
burn was so accurate that only two more small course corrections were subsequently needed .
Considerable ingenuity under extreme pressure was required from the crew , flight controller s , and support personnel for the safe return .
The lunar module consumables were intended to sustain two people for a day and a half , not three people for four days .
Oxygen was the least critical consumable because the LM carried enough to repressurize the LM after each surface EVA .
In particular , the LM 's Abort Guidance System was used for most of the coast back to Earth instead of the primary guidance system , as it used less power and water .
III‑17 ,33,40 Availability of lithium hydroxide ( LiOH ) for removing carbon dioxide presented a serious problem .
Re-entry and splashdown As Apollo 13 neared Earth , the crew first jettisoned the Service Module so pictures could be taken for later analysis .
The re-entry on a lunar mission normally was accompanied by about four minutes of typical communications blackout caused by ionization of the air around the Command Module .
The crew was in good condition except for Haise , who was suffering from a serious urinary tract infection because of insufficient water intake .
The temperature sensor could not read above the highest operational temperature of the heater , which was approximately .
This was not normally a problem because the thermostat was designed to open at .
However , the EECOM Mission Report ( on pg E-10 ) recounts how the master caution and warning alarm had been turned off for a previous low-pressure reading on hydrogen tank 2 , and so it did not trigger to call attention to the high oxygen pressure reading .
It was a version of the Cold Cathode Ion Gauge ( CCIG ) which featured on Apollo 12 , Apollo 14 , and Apollo 15 .
Because of the aborted landing , this experiment was never actually deployed .
In his book Lost Moon ( later renamed Apollo 13 ) , Lovell states that , apart from the Apollo 13 plaque and a couple of other pieces , the only other memento he possesses is a letter from Charles Lindbergh .
The lunar module burned up in Earth 's atmosphere on April 17 , 1970 , having been targeted to enter over the Pacific Ocean to reduce the possibility of contamination from a SNAP 27 radioisotope thermoelectric generator ( RTG ) on board .
Jim Lovell , Gene Kranz , and other principals have stated that this film depicted the events of the mission with reasonable accuracy , though some dramatic license was taken .
Because their film Apollo 13 covered the incident from the crew 's perspective , the story is instead presented from the perspective of earthbound television reporters competing for coverage of the mission .
This ' replacement ' astronaut was a nod to Jack Swigert , who replaced Ken Mattingly shortly before the actual launch in 1970 .
[[1773]]
But since the Apollo contractor had been changed from McDonnell to North American Rockwell , Wendt had not been pad leader for Apollo 1 .
The crew was unhappy with their food selections , especially the high energy sweets .
I think you 're too late now to do much about it .
Spacecraft location In January 1969 , the Apollo 7 Command Module was displayed on a NASA float in the inauguration parade of President Richard M. Nixon .
For nearly 30 years the Command Module was on loan ( renewable every two years ) to the National Museum of Science and Technology , in Ottawa , Ontario , along with the space suit worn by Wally Schirra .
jpg | The crew during water egress training Image : Apollo_7_Launch _ - _ GPN-2000-001171 .
jpg | Apollo 7 S-IVB rocket stage in orbit File : Saturn-V-Third-Stage-LM-Adapter .

The mission proved the LM worthy of manned spaceflight .
On January 27 , 1967 , Grissom 's crew were conducting a launch-pad test for their planned February 21 mission , which they named Apollo 1 , when a fire broke out in the cabin , killing all three men and putting an 18-month hold on the manned program while the Command Module was redesigned for safety .
By October 1967 , planning for manned flights resumed , with Apollo 7 being the first Earth orbit CSM flight ( now known as the C mission ) in October 1968 given to Schirra 's crew , and McDivitt 's mission ( now known as the D Mission ) following as Apollo 8 in December 1968 , using a single Saturn V instead of the two Saturn IBs .
The crew swap also affected who would be the first crew to land on the Moon ; when the crews for Apollo 8 and 9 were swapped , their backup crews were also swapped .
It was also the first space docking of two vehicles with an internal crew transfer between them .
Apollo 9 gave proof that the Apollo spacecraft were up to this critical task , on which the lives of lunar landing crews would depend .
Apollo 9 was the last spacecraft to splash down in the Atlantic Ocean .
jpg | David Scott stands in the opened Command Module hatch File : Schweickart spacer kosmiczny GPN-2000-001108 .


The most common form , osteoarthritis ( degenerative joint disease ) , is a result of trauma to the joint , infection of the joint , or age .
Signs and symptoms Regardless of the type of arthritis , the common symptoms for all arthritis disorders include varied levels of pain , swelling , joint stiffness , and sometimes a constant ache around the joint ( s ) .
Elements of the history of the disorder guide diagnosis .
Unlike rheumatoid arthritis , osteoarthritis is most commonly a disease of the elderly .
Psoriasis can develop into psoriatic arthritis .
Moreover , by decreasing inflammation , the joint damage may be slowed .
More than 70 % of individuals in North America affected by arthritis are over the age of 65 .
In the United States a CDC survey based on data from 2007 – 2009 showed 22.2 % ( 49.9 million ) of adults aged ≥ 18 years had self-reported doctor-diagnosed arthritis , and 9.4 % ( 21.1 million or 42.4 % of those with arthritis ) had arthritis-attributable activity limitation ( AAAL ) .
See also References External links
As an alkyne , acetylene is unsaturated because its two carbon atoms are bonded together in a triple bond .
Its presence in ethylene is usually undesirable because of its explosive character and its ability to poison Ziegler-Natta catalyst s. It is selectively hydrogenated into ethylene , usually using Pd-Ag catalysts .
On the other hand , oxy-acetylene welding equipment is quite versatile – not only because the torch is preferred for some sorts of iron or steel welding ( as in certain artistic applications ) , but also because it lends itself easily to brazing , braze-welding , metal heating ( for annealing or tempering , bending or forming ) , the loosening of corroded nuts and bolts , and other applications .
Oxyacetylene welding may also be used in areas where electricity is not readily accessible .
Before the advent of the Wacker process , this reaction was conducted on an industrial scale .
Polyacetylene , a chain of CH centres with alternating single and double bonds , was the one of first discovered organic semiconductor s. Its reaction with iodine produces a highly electrically conducting material .
In the words " monarchy " and " oligarchy " , the second element arche ( ἀρχή ) means " rule " , " leading " or " being first " .
It is unlikely that the term " democracy " was coined by its detractors who rejected the possibility of a valid " demarchy " , as the word " demarchy " already existed and had the meaning of mayor or municipal .
The word is attested in Herodotus , who wrote some of the first surviving Greek prose , but this may not have been before 440 or 430 BC .
They had restricted movement in public and were very segregated from the men .
Voting was by simple majority .
Only the first 6000 to arrive were admitted and paid , with the red rope now used to keep latecomers at bay .
Courts Athens had an elaborate legal system centered on full citizen rights ( see atimia ) .
No appeal was possible .
These juries formed a second mode for the expression of popular sovereignty ; as in the assembly , citizens acting as jurors acted as the people and were immune from review or punishment .
In the 5th century there was in effect no procedural difference between an executive decree and a law : they were both simply passed by the assembly .
In particular , those chosen by lot were citizens acting without particular expertise .
Citizens active as office holders served in a quite different capacity from when they voted in the assembly or served as jurors .
Competence does not seem to have been the main issue , but rather , at least in the 4th century BC , whether they were loyal democrats or had oligarchic tendencies .
And they too could be removed from office at any time that the assembly met .
Put on trial , they were condemned and executed one by one until before the trial of the tenth and last an error of accounting was discovered , allowing him to go free .
( Antiphon 5.69 – 70 ) There was also a death penalty for " inadequate performance " while in office .
Ancient authors were almost invariably from an elite background for whom giving poor and uneducated people power over their betters seemed a reversal of the proper , rational order of society .
Instead of seeing it as a fair system under which ' everyone ' has equal rights , they saw it as the numerically preponderant poor tyrannizing over the rich .
Although democracy predated Athenian imperialism by over thirty years , they are sometimes associated with each other .
By so strongly validating one role , that of the male citizen , it has been argued that democracy compromised the status of those who did not share it .
This has disputed by some , who have presented certain manuscript s as evidence that the numerals in their current form developed from Arabic letters in the western regions of the Arab World .
The use of Arabic numerals spread around the world through European trade , books and colonialism .
Today they are the most common symbolic representation of numbers in the world .
It is considered an important milestone in the development of mathematics .
One may distinguish between this positional system , which is identical throughout the family , and the precise glyph s used to write the numerals , which vary regionally .
In a tablet unearthed at Kish ( dating from about 700 BC ) , the scribe Bêl-bân-aplu wrote his zeros with three hooks , rather than two slanted wedges .
Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
ABM or Abm may refer to :
His most famous work is his bawdy picaresque novel , the Metamorphoses , otherwise known as The Golden Ass .
As to his first name , no praenomen is given in any ancient source ; late-medieval manuscripts began the tradition of calling him Lucius from the name of the hero of his novel .
Not long after his return home he set out upon a new journey to Alexandria .
With her son 's consent – indeed encouragement – Apuleius agreed to marry her .
The case was heard at Sabratha , near Tripoli , c. 158 CE , before Claudius Maximus , proconsul of Africa .
The accusation itself seems to have been ridiculous , and the spirited and triumphant defence spoken by Apuleius is still extant .
He is introduced to the Navigium Isidis .

His story aroused great interest at home , and Daniel Defoe 's fictional character Robinson Crusoe was based in part on him .
Instead , Stradling decided to grant his request , and he was landed with his personal effects on the island .
Life on the island Selkirk remained at first along the shoreline of Más a Tierra .
He proved resourceful in using items brought from the ship as well as materials that he found on the island .
During his sojourn on the island , two vessels came to anchor .
Rescue Selkirk 's long-awaited deliverance came on 2 February 1709 by way of the Duke , a privateering ship piloted by William Dampier , and its sailing companion , the Duchess .
As Rogers observed , " One may see that solitude and retirement from the world is not such an insufferable state of life as most men imagine , especially when people are fairly called or thrown into it unavoidably , as this man was . "
Selkirk completed the round-the-world voyage by way of the Cape of Good Hope as the sailing master of the Duke , arriving at the Downs off the English coast on 2 October 1711 .
He is dressed in the familiar hirsute goatskins , his feet and shins bare .
Current counter-ICBM systems There are only two systems in the world that can intercept ICBMs .
The Russian A-35 anti-ballistic missile system for defense of Moscow , whose development started in 1971 .
President Bush referenced the 9/11 attacks and the proliferation of ballistic missiles as reasons for missile defense .
During Spring 2006 reports about negotiations between the United States and Poland as well as the Czech Republic were published .
The system was announced to be aimed against ICBMs from Iran and North Korea .
The Academy of Anti-Ballistic Missile & Anti-Satellite was established from 1969 for the purpose of developing Project 640 .
The project was to involve at least three elements , including the necessary sensors and guidance/command systems , the Fan Ji ( FJ ) missile interceptor , and the XianFeng missile-intercepting cannon .
Despite the development of missiles , the programme was slowed down due to financial and political reasons .
According to the Chinese Defence Ministry , the missile launch is defensive in character and is not aimed against any countries .
Japan Since 1998 , when North Korea launched a Taepodong-1 missile over northern Japan , the Japanese have been jointly developing a new Surface-to-air interceptor known as the Patriot Advanced Capability 3 ( PAC-3 ) with the US .
A Dhanush missile was launced from a ship about from the coast .
On 26 July 2010 , India successfully tested an interceptor missile , bringing down an incoming target ballistic missile ( a modified Prithvi ) with 2,000 km range , at an altitude of 15 km over the Bay of Bengal .
The interceptor was fired five minutes after the target was fired .
A modified surface-surface missile ' Prithvi ' was used as a hostile missile .
Only one of the incoming missiles was real : a modified Prithvi missile mimicking M-9 / M-11 class of Chinese Dong Feng short-range ballistic missiles .
Phase-II will be geared for taking on 5,000-km range missiles , virtually in the class of ICBM 's ( Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles ) , with interceptors at hypersonic speeds of 6-7 Mach .
Phase II is expected to be completed by 2016 .
The PDV will replace the PAD with a far more capable missile and will complete the Phase 1 of the BMD system , allowing it to be operational by 2013 .
During December 2005 the system was deployed successfully in a test against a replicated Shahab-3 missile .
But defenses against Soviet long-range bombers took priority until 1957 , when the Soviet Union demonstrated its advances in intercontinental ballistic missile technology with the launch of Sputnik , the Earth 's first artificial satellite .
Canada Other countries were also involved in early ABM research .
After a series of drastic budget reductions during the late 1950s the research ended .
It was initially a single-layer exoatmospheric ( outside the atmosphere ) design , using A350 ( NATO name : ABM1 Galosh interceptors ) .
Nike X was a system of two missiles , radars and their associated control systems .
The main missile was LIM-49 Spartan — a Nike Zeus upgraded for longer range and a much larger 5 megatonne warhead intended to destroy enemy 's warheads with a burst of x-rays outside the atmosphere .
A second shorter-range missile called Sprint with very high acceleration was added to handle warheads that evaded longer-ranged Spartan .
Tactical ABMs deployed in 1990s The Israeli Arrow missile system was tested initially during 1990 , before the first Gulf War .
Post-war analyses show that the Patriot was much less effective than initially thought because of its radar and control system 's inability to discriminate warheads from other objects when the Scud missiles broke up during reentry .
The improved guidance , radar and missile performance improves the probability of kill over the earlier PAC-2 .
MIM-23 Hawk missile is not operational in the U.S. service since 2002 , but is used by many other countries .
Standard Missile 3 ( SM-3 ) systems have also been tested for an ABM role .
It was planned to protect all 50 states from a rogue missile attack .
The most common use of the acre is to measure tracts of land .
The full field , including the end zones , covers approximately .
In English it was historically spelt .
If the square mile is divided into quarters , each quarter has a side length of mile ( 880 yards ) and is square mile in area , or 160 acres .

The ratio between ATP and AMP is used as a way for a cell to sense how much energy is available and control the metabolic pathway s that produce and consume ATP .
When ATP is used in DNA synthesis , the ribose sugar is first converted to deoxyribose by ribonucleotide reductase .
The bonds formed after hydrolysis — or the phosphorylation of a residue by ATP — are lower in energy than the phosphoanhydride bonds of ATP .
Carbohydrates are hydrolysed into simple sugars , such as glucose and fructose .
Glycolysis In glycolysis , glucose and glycerol are metabolized to pyruvate via the glycolytic pathway .
Glucose In the mitochondrion , pyruvate is oxidized by the pyruvate dehydrogenase complex to Acetyl group , which is fully oxidized to carbon dioxide by the citric acid cycle ( also known as the Krebs Cycle ) .
Instead of transferring the generated NADH , a malate dehydrogenase enzyme converts oxaloacetate to malate , which is translocated to the mitochondrial matrix .
Another malate dehydrogenase-catalyzed reaction occurs in the opposite direction , producing oxaloacetate and NADH from the newly transported malate and the mitochondrion 's interior store of NAD + .
The high energy yield of this process and the compact storage of fat explain why it is the most dense source of dietary calorie s. Fermentation Fermentation entails the generation of energy via the process of substrate-level phosphorylation in the absence of an respiratory electron transport chain .
However a total of around 5g of ATP is used by cell processes at any time in the body .
In glycolysis , hexokinase is directly inhibited by its product , glucose-6-phosphate , and pyruvate kinase is inhibited by ATP itself .
ATP , ADP , or adenosine are recognised by purinergic receptors .
Purinoreceptors might be the most abundant receptors in mammalian tissues .
In humans , this signalling role is important in both the central and peripheral nervous system .
The P2Y receptors are metabotropic , i.e. G protein-coupled and modulate mainly intracellular calcium and sometimes cyclic AMP levels .
The P2X ionotropic receptor subgroup comprises seven members ( P2X1 – P2X7 ) , which are ligand-gated - permeable ion channels that open when bound to an extracellular purine nucleotide .
In contrast to P2 receptors ( agonist order ATP > ADP > AMP > ADO ) , purinergic nucleoside triphosphates like ATP are not strong agonists of P1 receptors , which are strongly activated by adenosine and other nucleoside s ( ADO > AMP > ADP > ATP ) .
Phosphorylation of a protein by a kinase can activate this cascade such as the mitogen-activated protein kinase cascade .
The presence of magnesium greatly decreases the dissociation constant of ATP from its protein binding partner without affecting the ability of the enzyme to catalyze its reaction once the ATP has bound .

He is also known for hosting elaborate parties for the gods .
Attestations Both Fundinn Noregr and Snorri Sturluson in Skáldskaparmál state that Ægir is the same as the sea-giant Hlér , who lives on the isle of Hlésey , and this is borne out by kennings .
Snorri uses his visiting the Æsir as the frame of that section of the Prose Edda .
John Tyndall first described antagonistic activities by fungi against bacteria in England in 1875 .
He then proposed the idea that it might be possible to create chemicals that would act as a selective drug that would bind to and kill bacteria without harming the human host .
Prontosil had a relatively broad effect against Gram-positive cocci , but not against enterobacteria .
Most target bacterial functions or growth processes .
Those that target protein synthesis ( aminoglycoside s , macrolide s , and tetracycline s ) are usually bacteriostatic .
Production Since the first pioneering efforts of Florey and Chain in 1939 , the importance of antibiotics , including antibacterials , to medicine has led to intense research into producing antibacterials at large scales .
Safety profiles of newer drugs are often not as well established as for those that have a long history of use .
Effects on the intestinal flora , which might result in reduced absorption of estrogens in the colon , have also been suggested , but such suggestions have been inconclusive and controversial .
For example , antibacterial selection within whole bacterial populations for strains having previously acquired antibacterial-resistance genes was demonstrated in 1943 by the Luria – Delbrück experiment .
Horizontal transfer is more likely to happen in locations of frequent antibiotic use .
Intrinsic antibacterial resistance may be part of the genetic makeup of bacterial strains .
Plasmids that carry several different resistance genes can confer resistance to multiple antibacterials .
Antibacterial-resistant strains and species , sometimes referred to as " superbugs " , now contribute to the emergence of diseases that were for a while well controlled .
Two federal bills ( S. 742 and H.R. 2562 ) aimed at phasing out nontherapeutic use of antibacterials in US food animals were proposed , but have not passed .
In the United States the question of emergence of antibiotic-resistant bacterial strains due to use of antibiotics in livestock was raised by the United States Food and Drug Administration in 1977 .
For example , some resistance-modifying agents may inhibit multidrug resistance mechanisms , such as drug efflux from the cell , thus increasing the susceptibility of bacteria to an antibacterial .
Schwarzenegger served two terms as the 38th Governor of California from 2003 until 2011 .
He won the Mr. Universe title at age 20 and went on to win the Mr. Olympia contest seven times .
Schwarzenegger has remained a prominent presence in bodybuilding and has written many books and articles on the sport .
The first real movie I saw , that I distinctly remember , was a John Wayne movie . "
There he trained at Gold 's Gym in Venice , Los Angeles , California , under Joe Weider .
His bodybulding victories included five Mr. Universe ( 4 – NABBA [ England ] , 1 – IFBB [ USA ] ) wins , and seven Mr. Olympia wins , a record which would stand until Lee Haney won his eighth consecutive Mr. Olympia title in 1991 .
Months before the 1975 Mr. Olympia contest , filmmakers George Butler and Robert Fiore persuaded Schwarzenegger to compete , in order to film his training in the bodybuilding documentary called Pumping Iron .
Total Recall ( 1990 ) netted Schwarzenegger $ 10 million and 15 % of the gross , and was a science fiction script directed by Paul Verhoeven , based on the Philip K. Dick short story , " We Can Remember It for You Wholesale " .
This film brought Schwarzenegger his second Golden Globe nomination , this time for Best Actor – Musical or Comedy .
It was followed by the action thriller Eraser ( 1996 ) , the Christmas comedy Jingle All The Way ( 1996 ) with Arnold playing the main character , Howard Langston , and the comic book-based Batman & Robin ( 1997 ) , where he played the villain Mr. Freeze .
In tribute to Schwarzenegger in 2002 , Forum Stadtpark , a local cultural association , proposed plans to build a 25-meter ( 82 ft ) tall Terminator statue in a park in central Graz .
... Schwarzenegger is focusing on personal matters and is not willing to commit to any production schedules or timelines . "
He starred in The Last Stand as a Los Angeles cop-turned-sheriff , and will reprise his role as Conan the Barbarian in the 2014 film The Legend of Conan .
Between 1993 and 1994 , Schwarzenegger was a Red Cross ambassador ( a ceremonial role fulfilled by celebrities ) , recording several television/radio public service announcement s to donate blood .
He replied , " I think about it many times .
Following his initial comments , Schwarzenegger said , " I 'm in show business – I am in the middle of my career .
Building on a catchphrase from the sketch " Hans and Franz " from Saturday Night Live ( which partly parodied his bodybuilding career ) , Schwarzenegger called the Democratic State politicians " girlie men " .
Pilz claimed that Schwarzenegger 's actions in support of the death penalty ( prohibited in Austria under Protocol 13 of the European Convention on Human Rights ) had indeed done damage to Austria 's reputation .
Electoral history Business career Schwarzenegger has had a highly successful business career .
He also owns a movie production company called Oak Productions , Inc. , and Fitness Publications , a joint publishing venture with Simon & Schuster .
Schwarzenegger met Maria Shriver at the Robert F. Kennedy Tennis Tournament in August 1977 , and went on to have a relationship with both women until August 1978 , when Moray ( who knew of his relationship with Shriver ) issued an ultimatum .
They attended St. Monica 's Catholic Church .
The pregnant Baena was working in the home while Shriver was pregnant with the youngest of the couple ’s four children .
Accidents and injuries Schwarzenegger was born with a bicuspid aortic valve , an aortic valve with only two leaflets ( a normal aortic valve has three leaflets ) .
At one point Wesson made an unsuccessful attempt to , in his own words , " [ s ] ettle this once and for all and find out how tall he is " by using a tailor 's tape measure on the Governor .
The debate on Schwarzenegger 's height has spawned a website solely dedicated to the issue , and his page remains one of the most active on CelebHeights.com , a website which discusses the heights of celebrities .
ICG is active in 15 cities around the country and serves over 250,000 children in over 400 schools countrywide .
He handed off the flame to the next runner , Sebastian Coe .
The mayor sent Schwarzenegger the enameled sign , Thal 145 , the number of the house where Schwarzenegger was born , declaring " This belongs to him .
Bibliography Interviews Film See also References External links | -
Actium ( Greek : Ἄκτιον ) was the ancient name of a promontory of western Greece in northwestern Acarnania , at the mouth of the Sinus Ambracius ( Gulf of Arta ) opposite Nicopolis , built by Augustus on the north side of the strait .
Global markets According to the Amway website , as of 2011 the company operates in over 100 countries and territories , organized into regional markets : the Americas , Europe , greater China , Japan and Korea , and SE Asia/Australia .
In 2007 Amway Greater China and South-east Asia Chief Executive Eva Cheng was ranked No. 88 by Forbes magazine in its list of the World 's Most Powerful Women .
Today Amway manufactures over 450 products , with manufacturing facilities in China , India and the United States , as well as Nutrilite organic farms in Brazil , Mexico and the United States ( California and Washington State ) .
Artistry Amway 's Artistry products include skin care , cosmetics , and anti-aging cream s and serums .
In 2006 eSpring was named Product of the Year by the Poland-based non-profit World Foundation of Health , Heart and Mind .
Independent Business Owners " ( IBOs ) may market products directly to potential customers and may also recruit ( sponsor ) and train other people to become IBOs .
The members of the Amway Global Street Team give away Earthquakes-branded merchandise and provide soccer skills demonstrations at each event .
A 1998 analysis of campaign contributions conducted by Businessweek found that Amway , along with the founding families and some top distributors , had donated at least $ 7 million to GOP causes in the preceding decade .
Chamber of Commerce Amway co-founder , Jay Van Andel ( in 1980 ) , and later his son Steve Van Andel ( in 2001 ) were elected by the board of directors of the United States Chamber of Commerce as chairman of the private American lobbying organization .
Amway was ordered to accompany any such statements with the actual averages per distributor , pointing out that more than half of the distributors do not make any money , with the average distributor making less than $ 100 per month .
The distributors faced tough time because of the lack of proactive steps and slow actions from the company management .
Later , Area manager of Amway , P.M. Rajkumar , who was arrested following searches was remanded in judicial custody for 14 days by the Judicial First Class Magistrate , Thamarassery .
The settlement is subject to approval by the court , which is expected in early 2011 .
The distributors had used Amway 's Amvox voice messaging service to send the rumor to their downline distributors in April 1995 .
On November 24 , 2008 , the case was officially settled .
The director and producer were later acquitted on the charge of disseminating false information .
A best-seller on the local video black market , the film was banned while the suit proceeded .
In 2009 , Smith was named among the " Greatest Scots " of all time , in a vote run by Scottish television channel STV .
His lectures endeavored not merely to teach philosophy but to make his students embody that philosophy in their lives , appropriately acquiring the epithet , the preacher of philosophy .
Teaching career Smith began delivering public lectures in 1748 in University of Edinburgh , sponsored by the Philosophical Society of Edinburgh under the patronage of Lord Kames .
( Let do and let pass , the world goes on by itself ! ) .
The Wealth of Nations was published in 1776 and was an instant success , selling out its first edition in only six months .
On the death of her husband , the Rev. W. B. Cunningham of Prestonpans in 1878 , Mrs. Cunningham sold some of the books .
Personality and beliefs Character Not much is known about Smith 's personal views beyond what can be deduced from his published articles .
He never married , and seems to have maintained a close relationship with his mother , with whom he lived after his return from France and who died six years before his own death .
The line engravings produced for the covers of 19th century reprints of The Wealth of Nations were based largely on Tassie 's medallion .
The publication in 1777 of Smith 's letter to William Strahan , in which he described Hume 's courage in the face of death in spite his irreligiosity , attracted considerable controversy .
Scholars have traditionally perceived a conflict between The Theory of Moral Sentiments and The Wealth of Nations ; the former emphasizes sympathy for others , while the latter focuses on the role of self-interest .
They claim that in The Theory of Moral Sentiments , Smith develops a theory of psychology in which individuals seek the approval of the " impartial spectator " as a result of a natural desire to have outside observers sympathize with them .
Nor is it always the worse for the society that it was no part of it .
Smith states that the interest of manufacturers and merchants " ... in any particular branch of trade or manufactures , is always in some respects different from , and even opposite to , that of the public ... The proposal of any new law or regulation of commerce which comes from this order , ought always to be listened to with great precaution , and ought never be adopted till after having been long and carefully examined , not only with the most scrupulous , but with the most suspicious attention . "
Samuelson 's " Economics " refers 6 times to Smith 's " invisible hand " .
Therefore the outputs of period1 not used or usable as input of period2 are regarded as unproductive labour as they do not contribute to growth .
To this French insight that unproductive labour should be pushed back to use more labour productively , Smith added his own proposal , that productive labour should be made even more productive by deepening the division of labour .
The opening sentences of the " Wealth of Nations " summarize this policy : The annual labour of every nation is the fund which originally supplies it with all the necessaries and conveniences of life which it annually consumes ... .
[ B ] ut this proportion must in every nation be regulated by two different circumstances ; Criticism and dissent Prominent interpretation , as well as criticism , of Smith 's views on the societal merits of unregulated labor management by the ruling class is expressed by Noam Chomsky as follows : " He 's pre-capitalist , a figure of the Enlightenment .
In his last years , he seemed to have been planning two major treatises , one on the theory and history of law and one on the sciences and arts .
In light of the arguments put forward by Smith and other economic theorists in Britain , academic belief in mercantalism began to decline in England in the late 18th century .
On the other hand , Joseph Schumpeter dismissed Smith 's contributions as unoriginal , saying " His very limitation made for success .
Classical economists presented competing theories of those of Smith , termed the " labour theory of value " .
After 1976 , Smith was more likely to be represented as the author of both The Wealth of Nations and The Theory of Moral Sentiments , and thereby as the founder of a moral philosophy and the science of economics .
Another Smith sculpture is at Cleveland State University .
Residence Adam Smith resided at Panmure house from 1778-90 .
Some commentators have argued that Smith 's works show support for a progressive , not flat , income tax and that he specifically named taxes that he thought should be required by the state , among them luxury goods tax es and tax on rent .
He also encouraged invention and new ideas through his patent enforcement and support of infant industry monopolies .
Chomsky argues that Smith supported markets in the belief that they would lead to equality , and that Smith opposed wage labor and corporations .
Economist Daniel Klein believes using the term " free market economics " or " free market economist " to identify the ideas of Smith is too general and slightly misleading .
Smith believed that the government should subsidise newly formed industry , but he did fear that when the infant industry grew into adulthood it would be unwilling to surrender the government help .
See also Footnotes Notes References Further reading External links
He was also the first to establish that sulfur was an element ( 1777 ) rather than a compound .
Lavoisier 's Traité élémentaire de chimie ( Elementary Treatise on Chemistry , 1789 , translated into English by Scotsman Robert Kerr ) is considered to be the first modern chemistry textbook .
While many leading chemists of the time refused to accept Lavoisier 's new ideas , demand for Traité élémentaire as a textbook in Edinburgh was sufficient to merit translation into English within about a year of its French publication .
Contributions to biology Lavoisier used a calorimeter to measure heat production as a result of respiration in a guinea pig .
Lavoisier was tried , convicted , and guillotined on 8 May in Paris , at the age of 50 .
Lack of money prevented alterations from being made .
Work As late as the 1840s , and despite Friedrich Wöhler 's synthesis of urea in 1828 , some chemists still believed in the doctrine of vitalism , according to which a special life-force was necessary to create organic compounds .
[[1828]]
His mother had a keen interest in theatre and had been offered a role in a film , but preferred her domestic duties .
She had some degree of influence in Bachchan 's choice of career because she always insisted that he should take the centre stage .
He then played his first negative role as an infatuated lover-turned-murderer in Parwaana ( 1971 ) .
This was followed by several films including Reshma Aur Shera ( 1971 ) .
In the same year he also enjoyed critical acclaim and commercial success with films like Mr. Natwarlal and Kaala Patthar .
Dostana proved to be the top grossing film of 1980 .
Bachchan was performing his own stunts in the film and one scene required him to fall onto a table and then on the ground .
He required an emergency splenectomy and remained critically ill in hospital for many months , at times close to death .
His old friend , Amar Singh , helped him during a financial crisis due to the failure of his company ABCL .
These activities have recently gotten him into trouble again in the Indian courts for false claims after a previous incident of submission of legal papers by him , stating that he is a farmer .
After the release of Khuda Gawah in 1992 , Bachchan went into semi-retirement for five years .
He played a stern , older figure that rivalled the character of Shahrukh Khan .
The film was due to begin filming in February 2008 but due to the writer 's strike , was pushed to September 2008 .
He has been a narrator , a playback singer , and presenter for numerous programmes .
Renowned film director Satyajit Ray was so impressed with Bachchan 's voice that he decided to use Bachchan as the narrator in his 1977 Shatranj Ke Khilari ( The Chess Players ) .
The organisation noted that " Many people in the western world will not have heard of [ him ] ... [ but it ] is a reflection of the huge popularity of Indian films . "
Severals books have been written about Bachchan .
Allomorphy in English suffixes English has several morphemes that vary in sound but not in meaning .
The allomorphs are conditioned by the particular case-marking suffixes .
It was first applied to language ( in writing ) in 1948 , by Fatih Şat and Sibel Merve in Language XXIV .
Although a phoneme 's allophones are all alternative pronunciations for a phoneme , the specific allophone selected in a given situation is often predictable .
Complementary and free-variant allophones Every time a speech sound is produced for a given phoneme , it will be slightly different from other utterances , even for the same speaker .
Examples in English vs. other languages For example , as in pin and as in spin are allophones for the phoneme in the English language because they can not distinguish words ( in fact , they occur in complementary distribution ) .
However , they may become aware of the differences if , for example , they contrast the pronunciations of the following words : If a flame is held before the lips while these words are spoken , it flickers more during aspirated nitrate than during unaspirated night rate .
Again , this difference is much more obvious to a Turkish speaker , for whom and are separate phonemes , than to an English speaker , for whom they are allophones of a single phoneme .
For example , English has both oral and nasal allophones of its vowels .
Prefix and suffix may be subsumed under the term adfix in contrast to infix .
These are called prefixes , superfixes , postfixes , and subfixes according to their position to the left , on top , to the right , or at the bottom of the main glyph .


32 ) .
jpg | Titian 's '' Allegory of Age Governed by Prudence '' , with three human heads symbolising age and the triple-headed beast ( dog , lion , wolf ) standing for prudence .
jpg | The English School 's '' Allegory of Queen Elizabeth '' with Father Time at her right and Death looking over her left shoulder .
File : Kessel , Jan van Sr. - Allegory of Hearing .
Allotropes are different structural modifications of an element ; the atoms of the element are bonded together in a different manner .
Although many other chemists have repeated this advice , IUPAC and most chemistry texts still favour the usage of allotrope and allotropy for elements only .
For instance , iron changes from a body-centered cubic structure ( ferrite ) to a face-centered cubic structure ( austenite ) above 906 ° C , and tin undergoes a transformation known as tin pest from a metallic phase to a semiconductor phase below 13.2 ° C. As an example of different chemical behaviour , ozone ( O3 ) is a much stronger oxidizing agent than dioxygen ( O2 ) .

His last years were plagued by ill-health and the turbulence of his grandson Archagathus , at whose instigation he is said to have been poison ed ; according to others , he died a natural death .
Alberta 's per capita GDP in 2007 was by far the highest of any province in Canada at C$ 74,825 ( approx .
Conventional oil and gas fields are found throughout the province on an axis running from the northwest to the southeast .
Because of its ( relatively ) economically isolated location , Alberta relies heavily on transportation links with the rest of the world .
Calgary and EdmontonThe Calgary and Edmonton regions , by far the provinces two largest metropolitan regions , account for the majority of the province ’s population .
In 2001 , the population of the Calgary-Edmonton Corridor was 2.15 million ( 72 % of Alberta 's population ) .
The North American fur trade relied on birch-bark canoes , York boats , and Red River carts on buffalo trails to move furs out of , and European trade goods into , the region .
Commercial farming became viable in the area once the grain trade had developed technologies to handle the bulk export of grain , especially hopper car s and grain elevator s. Oil and gas exports have been possible because of increasing pipeline technology .
It was not the first petroleum find in Alberta , but it was large enough to significantly alter the economy of the province ( and coincided with growing American demand for energy ) .
By 2009 with natural gas prices at a long-term low , Alberta 's economy was in poor health compared to before , although still relatively better than many other comparable jurisdictions .
Oilpatch-related manufacturing is an obvious example , but financial services and government services have also benefited from oil money .
In both Red Deer and Edmonton , world class polyethylene and vinyl manufacturers produce products shipped all over the world , and Edmonton 's oil refineries provide the raw materials for a large petrochemical industry to the east of Edmonton .
With current technology and at current prices , about of bitumen are recoverable .
The oil price increases since 2003 have made it more than profitable to extract this oil , which in the past would give little profit or even a loss .
The Athabasca River region produces oil for internal and external use .
Natural gas has been found at several points , and in 1999 , the production of natural gas liquids ( ethane , propane , and butane s ) totalled , valued at $ 2.27 billion .
Much of that coal is burned in Alberta for electricity generation .
Many other parts of the province have pits for private use .
Summer peak for power use in one day was set on July 18 , 2007 – 9,192 MW .
Prior to its dissolution , Air Canada subsidiary Zip was headquartered in Calgary .
Currently Alberta produces cattle valued at over $ 3.3 billion , as well as other livestock in lesser quantities .
Continuous cropping ( in which there is no fallow season ) is gradually becoming a more common mode of production because of increased profits and a reduction of soil erosion .
In 1999 , lumber products from Alberta were valued at $ 4.1 billion of which 72 % were exported around the world .
Services Despite the high profile of the extractive industries , Alberta has a mature economy and most people work in services .
He defined continuity in terms of infinitesimal s and gave several important theorems in complex analysis and initiated the study of permutation group s in abstract algebra .
The Cauchy family survived the revolution and the following Reign of Terror ( 1794 ) by escaping to Arcueil , where Cauchy received his first education , from his father .
Although he formally kept his engineering position , he was transferred from the payroll of the Ministry of the Marine to the Ministry of the Interior .
The de Bure family were printers and booksellers , and published most of Cauchy 's works .
He received cross appointments at the Collège de France , and the Faculté des Sciences of the University .
His role as tutor lasted until the Duke became eighteen years old , in September 1838 .
Cauchy did hardly any research during those five years , while the Duke acquired a lifelong dislike of mathematics .
Further , it was believed that members of the Bureau could " forget " about the oath of allegiance , although formally , unlike the Academicians , they were obliged to take it .
Since it was thought that position on sea was best determined by astronomical observations , the Bureau had developed into an organization resembling an academy of astronomical sciences .
The purpose of this institute was to counter the effects of the absence of Catholic university education in France .
When a chair of mathematics became vacant at the Collège de France in 1843 , Cauchy applied for it , but got just three out of 45 votes .
Work Early work The genius of Cauchy was illustrated in his simple solution of the problem of Apollonius — describing a circle touching three given circles — which he discovered in 1805 , his generalization of Euler 's formula on polyhedra in 1811 , and in several other elegant problems .
He also contributed significant research in mechanics , substituting the notion of the continuity of geometrical displacements for the principle of the continuity of matter .
He introduced a 3 × 3 symmetric matrix of numbers that is now known as the Cauchy stress tensor .
The 1825 paper is seen by many as Cauchy 's most important contribution to mathematics .
In spite of these , Cauchy 's own research papers often used intuitive , not rigorous , methods ; thus one of his theorems was exposed to a " counter-example " by Abel , later fixed by the introduction of the notion of uniform continuity .
His royalism and religious zeal also made him contentious , which caused difficulties with his colleagues .
When Libri was accused of stealing books he was replaced by Joseph Liouville which caused a rift between him and Cauchy .
Archimedes is generally considered to be the greatest mathematician of antiquity and one of the greatest of all time .
In The Sand Reckoner , Archimedes gives his father 's name as Phidias , an astronomer about whom nothing is known .
In 75 BC , 137 years after his death , the Roman orator Cicero was serving as quaestor in Sicily .
The test was conducted successfully , proving that silver had indeed been mixed in .
Archimedes ' screw A large part of Archimedes ' work in engineering arose from fulfilling the needs of his home city of Syracuse .
Heat ray The 2nd century AD author Lucian wrote that during the Siege of Syracuse ( c. 214 – 212 BC ) , Archimedes destroyed enemy ships with fire .
René Descartes rejected it as false , while modern researchers have attempted to recreate the effect using only the means that would have been available to Archimedes .
On this occasion 70 mirrors were used , each with a copper coating and a size of around five by three feet ( 1.5 by 1 m ) .
When the mirrors were focused accurately , the ship burst into flames within a few seconds .
MythBusters also pointed out that conventional weaponry , such as flaming arrows or bolts from a catapult , would have been a far easier way of setting a ship on fire at short distances .
According to Pappus of Alexandria , Archimedes ' work on levers caused him to remark : " Give me a place to stand on , and I will move the Earth . "
Cicero ( 106 – 43 BC ) mentions Archimedes briefly in his dialogue De re publica , which portrays a fictional conversation taking place in 129 BC .
He introduced this result without offering any explanation of how he had obtained it .
This aspect of the work of Archimedes caused John Wallis to remark that he was : " as it were of set purpose to have covered up the traces of his investigation as if he had grudged posterity the secret of his method of inquiry while he wished to extort from them assent to his results . "
To solve the problem , Archimedes devised a system of counting based on the myriad .
The Lemmas may be based on an earlier work by Archimedes that is now lost .
It has also been claimed that Heron 's formula for calculating the area of a triangle from the length of its sides was known to Archimedes .
Archimedes Palimpsest The foremost document containing the work of Archimedes is the Archimedes Palimpsest .
Stomachion was also discovered in the palimpsest , with a more complete analysis of the puzzle than had been found in previous texts .
Legacy See also Notes a. In the preface to On Spirals addressed to Dositheus of Pelusium , Archimedes says that " many years have elapsed since Conon 's death . "
Conon of Samos lived , suggesting that Archimedes may have been an older man when writing some of his works .
b. The treatises by Archimedes known to exist only through references in the works of other authors are : On Sphere-Making and a work on polyhedra mentioned by Pappus of Alexandria ; Catoptrica , a work on optics mentioned by Theon of Alexandria ; Principles , addressed to Zeuxippus and explaining the number system used in The Sand Reckoner ; On Balances and Levers ; On Centers of Gravity ; On the Calendar .
Of the surviving works by Archimedes , T. L. Heath offers the following suggestion as to the order in which they were written : On the Equilibrium of Planes I , The Quadrature of the Parabola , On the Equilibrium of Planes II , On the Sphere and the Cylinder I , II , On Spirals , On Conoids and Spheroids , On Floating Bodies I , II , On the Measurement of a Circle , The Sand Reckoner .


[[1845]]
Regulation and licensing of alternative medicine and health care provider s varies from country to country , and state to state .
Some alternative therapies , including traditional Chinese Medicine ( TCM ) and Ayurveda , have antique , non-Western origins and are entirely alternate medical systems ; others , such as homeopathy and chiropractic , are native to the West and emerged in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries .
This definition has been widely adopted by CAM researchers , official government bodies such as the UK Department of Health , has often been attributed as the definition used by the Cochrane Collaboration , and , with slight modification , was preferred in the 2005 consensus report of the Committee on the Use of Complementary and Alternative Medicine by the American Public Board on Health Promotion and Disease Prevention issued by the US Institute of Medicine of the National Academies .
From a historical perspective , the emergence of alternative medicine , if not the term itself , is typically dated to the 19th century .
Medical education since 1910 Mainly as a result of reforms following the Flexner Report of 1910 medical education in established medical schools in the United States has generally not included alternative medicine as a teaching topic .
Writing in 2002 , Snyderman and Weil remarked that by the early twentieth century the Flexner model had helped to create the 20th-century academic health center in which education , research and practice were inseparable .
Alternative medical systems are complete health systems with their own approaches to diagnosis and treatment that differ from the conventional biomedical approach to health .
Some are cultural systems such as Ayurveda and Traditional Chinese Medicine , while others , such as Homeopathy and Naturopathy are relatively recent and were developed in the West .
Other concerns include the use of herbs containing toxic compounds and the lack of quality control in Ayurvedic facilities .
Acupuncture is a component of Traditional Chinese Medicine .
Criticisms have come from individuals such as Wallace Sampson in an article in Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences , June 1995 ( first published online Dec 2006 ) .
Prominent supporters of this position include George D. Lundberg , former editor of the Journal of the American Medical Association ( JAMA ) .
They argued that the vast majority of studies were based on fundamental misunderstandings of physiology and disease , and have shown little or no effect .
Here he defines genuine as being methods that have sound evidence for safety and effectiveness , experimental as being unproven but with a plausible rationale for effectiveness , and questionable as groundless without a scientifically plausible rationale .
Barrett also expressed concern that , just because some " alternatives " have merit , there is the impression that the rest deserve equal consideration and respect even though most are worthless , since they are all classified under the one heading of alternative medicine .
Use of magnets was the most common tool in energy medicine in America , and among users of it , 58 percent described it as at least “ sort of scientific ” , when it is not at all scientific .
According to the National Health Service ( England ) , the most commonly used complementary and alternative medicines ( CAM ) supported by the NHS in the UK are : acupuncture , aromatherapy , chiropractic , homeopathy , massage , osteopathy and clinical hypnotherapy . "
Complementary medicine is considered more acceptable in the interdisciplinary approach used in palliative care than in other areas of medicine . "
Regulation and licensing of alternative medicine ranges widely from country to country , and state to state .
According to a 2005 book by a US Institute of Medicine panel , the number of RCTs focused on CAM has risen dramatically .
Some have proposed adopting a prize system to reward medical research .
Some herbal remedies can cause dangerous interactions with chemotherapy drugs , radiation therapy , or anesthetics during surgery , among other problems .
To ABC Online , MacLennan also gives another possible mechanism : Potential side-effects Conventional treatments are subjected to testing for undesired side-effects , whereas alternative treatments , in general , are not subjected to such testing at all .
They are , thus , considered safe on that count , but " their products are exempt from good manufacturing practice requirements related to expiration dating and from finished product testing for identity and strength , " and their alcohol concentration may be much higher than allowed in conventional drugs .
In short , even innocuous treatments can indirectly produce negative outcomes .
CAM 's popularity may be related to other factors which Edzard Ernst mentions in an interview in The Independent : In a paper published in October 2010 entitled The public 's enthusiasm for complementary and alternative medicine amounts to a critique of mainstream medicine , Ernst describes these views in greater detail and concludes : Physicians who practice complementary medicine usually discuss and advise patients as to available complementary therapies .
Their existence was first discussed and their name was coined by Johannes Kepler .
Flora The vegetation of Africa follows very closely the distribution of heat and moisture .
Tropical flora disappears , and in the semi-desert plains the fleshy , leafless , contorted species of kapsia s , mesembryanthemum s , aloe s and other succulent plants make their appearance .
The secretary-bird is common in the south .
The spread of malaria by means of mosquito es is common .
From the most northerly point , Ras ben Sakka in Tunisia , in 37 ° 21 ′ N , to the most southerly point , Cape Agulhas in South Africa , 34 ° 51 ′ 15 ″ S , is a distance approximately of ; from Cape Verde , 17 ° 33 ′ 22 ″ W , the westernmost point , to Ras Hafun in Somalia , 51 ° 27 ′ 52 ″ E , the most easterly projection , is a distance ( also approximately ) of .
Main features The average elevation of the continent approximates closely to above sea level , roughly near to the mean elevation of both North and South America , but considerably less than that of Asia , .
In contrast with other continents , it is marked by the comparatively small area of either very high or very low ground , lands under occupying an unusually small part of the surface ; while not only are the highest elevations inferior to those of Asia or South America , but the area of land over is also quite insignificant , being represented almost entirely by individual peaks and mountain ranges .
As a general rule , the higher tablelands lie to the east and south , while a progressive diminution in altitude towards the west and north is observable .
S. on the west coast .
On this account South Africa has a general resemblance to an inverted saucer .
The most striking feature is the existence of two great lines of depression , due largely to the subsidence of whole segments of the Earth 's crust , the lowest parts of which are occupied by vast lakes .
At no great distance east of this rift-valley is Mount Kilimanjaro - with its two peaks Kibo and Mawenzi , the latter being , and the culminating point of the whole continent — and Mount Kenya , which is .
This block of country lies just west of the line of the great East African Trough , the northern continuation of which passes along its eastern escarpment as it runs up to join the Red Sea .
The following table gives the approximate altitudes of the chief mountains and lakes of the continent : From the outer margin of the African plateaus , a large number of streams run to the sea with comparatively short courses , while the larger rivers flow for long distances on the interior highlands , before breaking through the outer ranges .
There is also a considerably large lake Malawi stretching along the eastern border of one of the poorest countries in the world - Malawi etc. .
From this lake issues the Congo , known in its upper course by various names .
North of the Congo basin , and separated from it by a broad undulation of the surface , is the basin of Lake Chad – a flat-shored , shallow lake filled principally by the Chari coming from the southeast .
The main stream has its rise in 11 ° 21 ′ 3 ″ S 24 ° 22 ′ E , at an elevation of .
The former view is based on the existence in the lake of organisms of a decidedly marine type .
They include jellyfish , molluscs , prawns , crabs , etc. .
Part of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea is laying on the island of Bioko ( with the capital Malabo and the town of Lubu ) and the island of Annobón .
Socotra lies E.N.E. of Cape Guardafui .
Great heat is experienced in the lower plains and desert regions of North Africa , removed by the great width of the continent from the influence of the ocean , and here , too , the contrast between day and night , and between summer and winter , is greatest .
It is therefore greatest of all near the equator , where the sun is twice vertical , and less in the direction of both tropics .
It is transmitted by the tse tse fly , and is found almost exclusively in Sub-Saharan Africa .
Extreme points These are the points that are farther north , south , east or west than any other location on the continent .
By treating each candidate as a separate question , " Do you approve of this person for the job ? "
All votes count equally , and everyone gets the same number of votes : one vote per candidate , either for or against .
Each ballot can therefore be viewed as a small " delta " which separates two groups of candidates , or a single-pair of ranks ( e.g. if a ballot indicates that A & C are approved and B & D are not , the ballot can be considered to convey the ranking [ A = C ] > [ B =D ] ) .
One study showed that approval voting would not have chosen the same two winners as plurality voting ( Chirac and Le Pen ) in France 's presidential election of 2002 ( first round ) – it instead would have chosen Chirac and Jospin as the top two to proceed to a runoff .
Straight approval voting without a runoff , from the study , still would have selected Chirac , but with an approval percentage of only 36.7 % , compared to Jospin at 32.9 % .
Approval voting is vulnerable to Bullet Voting and Compromising , both of which can be done sincerely ; while it is immune to Push-Over and Burying , which are necessarily insincere .
When there are two or more candidates , every voter has at least three sincere approval votes to choose from .
This differs from other voting systems that typically have a unique sincere vote for a voter .
In some cases , approval voting can sincerely elect any one of the candidates , including a Condorcet winner and a Condorcet loser , without the voter preferences changing .
To the extent that electing a Condorcet winner and not electing a Condorcet loser is considered desirable outcomes for a voting system , approval voting can be considered vulnerable to sincere , strategic voting .
In one sense , conditions where this can happen are robust and are not isolated cases .
Having dichotomous preferences means that a voter has bi-level preferences for the candidates .
Approval threshold Another way to deal with multiple sincere votes is to augment the ordinal preference model with an approval or acceptance threshold .
Without providing specifics , he argues that the pragmatic judgements of voters about which candidates are acceptable should take precedence over the Condorcet criterion and other social choice criteria .
Strategic approval voting can guarantee electing the Condorcet winner in some special circumstances .
In each of the scenarios summarized below , all voters share a common set of pivot probabilities .
In the first scenario , voters all choose their votes based on the assumption that all pairwise ties are equally likely .
As a result , the winner is Memphis , the Condorcet loser , with Chattanooga coming in second place .
As a result , each voter will vote for any candidate that is more preferred than the leading candidate and will also vote for the leading candidate if that candidate is more preferred than the expected runner-up .
A more structured ballot will list all the candidates and allow a mark or word to be made by each supported candidate .
The " single bubble " format is incapable of producing invalid ballots ( which might otherwise be rejected in counting ) .
A goal of the university is to meet Association of American Universities ( AAU ) criteria and to become a member .
The first dormitories built in the state were constructed under his supervision .
During the Great Depression , Ralph W. Swetman was hired as president for a three-year term .
Along with the research facilities , the university faculty was expanded , including the addition of three Nobel Laureates .
The Board of Regents is composed of twelve members including eleven voting , and one non-voting member .
The president is responsible for the execution of measures enacted by the Board of Regents , controls the property of the university , and acts as the official representative of the university to the Board of Regents .
The Downtown Campus focuses on direct urban and public programs such as nursing , public policy , mass communication , and journalism .
Against the northwest edge of campus is the Mill Avenue district ( part of downtown Tempe ) which has a college atmosphere that attracts many students to its restaurants and bars .
The Tempe campus is also home to all of the university 's athletic facilities .
The West campus is designated as a Phoenix Point of Pride , and is nearly completely powered by a 4.6 MW solar array .
Colleges @ ASU locations will be teaching-focused , and will provide a selection of popular undergraduate majors .
As of spring 2012 , more than 5,000 students were enrolled at ASU Online .
A partnership with organizations and hospitals throughout the region has been created .
In 2012-2013 , ASU admitted 88.9 % of all applicants and is considered a " selective " university by U.S. News and World Report .
These programs are divided into 15 colleges and schools which are spread across ASU 's four campuses .
Libraries ASU 's faculty and students are served by two dedicated general-topic libraries : Hayden Library , which is the largest of the ASU libraries and is located on the Tempe campus , and Fletcher Library , located on the West campus .
Gold also signifies the sunshine Arizona is famous for ; including the power of the sun and its influence on the climate and the economy .
He is aided by Sparky 's Crew , male yell leaders that must meet physical requirements in order to participate as members .
The female members are known as the Spirit Squad and are categorized into a dance line and spirit line .
A “ T ” followed by an “ N ” , where the first letters to grace the landmark .
It is considered one of ASU ’s “ most cherished ” traditions and is an occasion used to mark the work of those associated with ASU throughout history .
Anyone associated with ASU is free to participate in the event , including students , alumni , faculty , employees , and friends .
This differs slightly from the original tradition in which the seniors would carry lanterns up " A " Mountain followed by the freshman .
The bell cracked and was no longer capable of ringing .
The most recognizable songs played by the band are Alma Mater and ASU ’s fight songs titled Maroon and Gold and the Al Davis Fight Song .
Maroon and Gold was authored by former Director of Sun Devil Marching Band , Felix E. McKernan , in 1948 .
The Al Davis Fight Song ( also known as Go , Go Sun Devils and Arizona State University Fight Song ) was composed by ASU alum Albert Oliver Davis in the 1940s without any lyrics .
Student life Extracurricular programs Arizona State University has an active extracurricular involvement program ( Sun Devil Involvement Center ) .
The project is entirely student run and advances ASU ’s institutional commitments to social embeddedness and entrepreneurship .
In addition to Changemaker Central , the Freshman Year Residential Experience ( FYRE ) and the Greek community ( Greek Life ) at Arizona State University have been important in binding students to the university , and providing social outlets .
ASU has two radio stations .
The Sun Devils were Pac-12 Champions in 1986 , 1996 , and 2007 .
Donald Johanson , who discovered the 3.18 million year old fossil hominid Lucy ( Australopithecus ) in Ethiopia , is also a professor at ASU , as well as George Poste , Chief Scientist for the Complex Adaptive Systems Initiative .

Events Births Deaths Holidays and observances External links
Situated near the mouth of the Columbia River , the city was named after the American investor John Jacob Astor .
History The Lewis and Clark Expedition spent the winter of 1805 – 1806 at Fort Clatsop , a small log structure south and west of modern day Astoria .
The Treaty of 1818 established joint U.S. – British occupancy of territory west of the continental divide to the Pacific Ocean .
The Finns mostly lived in Uniontown , near the present-day end of the Astoria-Megler Bridge , and took fishing jobs ; the Chinese tended to do cannery work , and usually lived either downtown or in bunkhouses near the canneries .
The residential community The World visited Astoria in June 2009 .
Demographics 2010 census As of the census of 2010 , there were 9,477 people , 4,288 households , and 2,274 families residing in the city .
Hispanic or Latino of any race were 9.8 % of the population .
The fourth full-length album by the pop punk band The Ataris was named So Long , Astoria as an allusion to The Goonies . "
So Long , Astoria " is also the first track on the album .
, " Shitteth ! "
, " Pschitt ! "
, and " Shitsky ! " )
The church ruled that Amalric and Agnes ' children were legitimate and preserved their place in the order of succession .
Conflicts with the Muslim states During Baldwin III 's reign , the County of Edessa , the first crusader state established during the First Crusade , was conquered by Zengi , the Turkic emir of Aleppo .
Zengi united Aleppo , Mosul , and other cities of northern Syria , and intended to impose his control on Damascus in the south .
The capture of Ascalon by Baldwin III made the conquest of Egypt more feasible .
Amalric returned to Egypt in 1164 and besieged Shirkuh in Bilbeis until Shirkuh retreated to Damascus .
Amalric could not follow up on his success in Egypt because Nur ad-Din was active in Syria , having taken Bohemund III of Antioch and Raymond III of Tripoli prisoner at the Battle of Harim during Amalric 's absence .
The inhabitants were either massacred or enslaved .
Now Jerusalem was surrounded by hostile enemies .
Neither they nor Latin doctors could help , and he died on July 11 , 1174 .
Amalric was pious and attended mass every day , although he also " is said to have absconded himself without restraint to the sins of the flesh and to have seduced married women … " Despite his piety he taxed the clergy , which they naturally opposed .
The Lusignan family was noted for its many Crusaders .
The kingdom of Cyprus passed to Hugh , his only surviving son , while the kingdom of Jerusalem passed to Maria , the daughter of Isabella by her previous marriage with Conrad of Montferrat .
Anthemius was also a capable mathematician .
Absalon or Axel ( – 21 March 1201 ) was a Danish archbishop and statesman , who was the Bishop of Roskilde from 1158 to 1192 and Archbishop of Lund from 1178 until his death .
He was the son of Asser Rig , a magnate of the Hvide clan from Fjenneslev on Zealand .
Absalon formed a guardian fleet , built coastal defenses , and led several campaigns against the Wends .
The whole population of Garz was then baptized , and Absalon laid the foundations of twelve churches in the isle of Rügen .
This caused a split within the Danish church , as it possibly forced Eskil into exile around 1161 , despite Abaslon 's attempts to keep the Danish church united .
It was contrary to Absalon 's advice and warnings that Valdemar I rendered fealty to the emperor Frederick Barbarossa at Dole in 1162 .
When Valdemar returned to Denmark , he was convinced into strengthening the Danevirke fortifications at the German border , with the support of Absalon .
Absalon built churches and monasteries , supporting international religious orders like the Cistercians and Augustinians , founding schools and doing his utmost to promote civilization and enlightenment .
Absalon initially resisted the new position , as he did not want to lose his power position on Zealand , but complied with Papal orders to do so in 1178 .
As the Archbishop of Lund , Absalon utilized ombudsmen from Zealand , demanded unfree labour from the peasantry , and instituted tithes .
Absalon was interred at Sorø Abbey , and was succeeded as Archbishop of Lund by Anders Sunesen .
The craft from Somalia was reported to hold rocket-propelled grenades and AK-47 assault rifles , and to have been adrift for several days .

Life Born at Poissy , Alphonse was a son of Louis VIII , King of France and Blanche of Castile .
The county of Toulouse , since them , was joined to the Alphonse 's appanage .
In 1252 , on the death of his mother , Blanche of Castile , Alphonse was joint regent with Charles of Anjou until the return of Louis IX .
Honest and moderate , protecting the middle classes against exactions of the nobles , he exercised a happy influence upon the south , in spite of his naturally despotic character and his continual and pressing need of money .
This time , however , he did not return to France , dying while on his way back , probably at Savona in Italy , on 21 August 1271 .
Ambroise followed Richard I as a noncombatant , and not improbably as a court - minstrel .
He is rather to be treated as a biographer than as a historian of the Crusade in its broader aspects .
Published edition History of the Holy War See also References
The term was used more generally in 1966 when a French exhibition celebrating the 1925 event was held under the title Les Années 25 : Art Déco / Bauhaus/Stijl/Esprit Nouveau .
It has been argued that the term should be applied to French works and those produced in countries directly influenced by France .
Cézanne was interested in the simplification of forms to their geometric essentials : the cylinder , the sphere , the cone .
At the 1910 Salon des Indépendants Jean Metzinger , Henri Le Fauconnier and Robert Delaunay , shown together in Room 18 , elaborated upon Cézannian syntax , revealing to the general public for the first time a ' mobile perspective ' in their art , soon to become known as Cubism .
Several years after World War I , in 1927 the Cubists Joseph Csaky , Jacques Lipchitz , Louis Marcoussis , Henri Laurens , the sculptor Gustave Miklos and others collaborated in the decoration of a Studio House , rue Saint-James , Neuilly-sur-Seine , designed by the architect Paul Ruaud , and owned by the French fashion designer Jacques Doucet : also a collector of Post-Impressionist and Cubist paintings ( including Les Demoiselles d'Avignon , which he bought directly from Picasso 's studio ) .
It was an early example of L'art décoratif , a home within which Cubist art could be displayed in the comfort and style of modern , bourgeois life .
Spectators at the Salon d'Automne passed through the full-scale 10-by-3-meter plaster model of the ground floor of the facade .
Detroit 's many examples of art-deco architecture include the Fisher , Guardian and Penobscot Buildings , all of which are now National Historic Landmark s. Los Angeles , California , also has much art-deco architecture , in particular along Wilshire Boulevard , a main thoroughfare that experienced a period of intense construction activity during the 1920s .
Notable examples include the Bullocks Wilshire building and the Pellissier Building and Wiltern Theatre , built in 1929 and 1931 respectively .
Houston , Texas has some buildings surviving , such as the Houston City Hall , the JPMorgan Chase Building , Ezekiel W. Cullen Building , and the 1940 Air Terminal Museum .
They range from public buildings like Vancouver City Hall to commercial buildings ( College Park ( Toronto ) ) to public works ( R. C. Harris Water Treatment Plant ) .
The Bacardi Building is noted for its particular art deco style .
Art deco buildings are also numerous in Montevideo , Uruguay , including the Palacio Salvo , which was South America 's tallest building when it was built in the late 1920s .
It has a grand reception area and is surrounded by Japanese-style gardens ; and it has had many famous residents , especially from the performing arts .
Elsewhere in south-west London , is the famous Battersea Power Station , which has appeared in films and artwork including the cover of Pink Floyd 's 1977 album Animals ( Pink Floyd album ) .
Notable examples are Erich Mendelsohn 's Mossehaus and Schaubühne theater in Berlin , Fritz Höger 's Chilehaus in Hamburg and his Kirche am Hohenzollernplatz in Berlin , the Anzeiger Tower in Hannover and the Borsig Tower in Berlin .
Ploieşti also has many art deco houses .
The art deco style was also adopted in Chennai between the 1920s and 1940s though it was utilized to a lesser extent .
According to the World Heritage Trust , when Napier is compared to the other cites noted for their art deco architecture , such as Miami Beach , Santa Barbara , Bandung in Indonesia ( planned originally as the future capital of Java ) , and Asmara in Eritrea ( built by the Italians as a model colonial city ) , " none ... surpass Napier in style and coherence .
jpg | '' Wisdom , with Light and Sound '' , 30 Rockefeller Center , NYC : Lee Lawrie , 1933 File : Paramount Ladies Lounge .
Opened 1937 , closed 1984 .
ASCII art can be created with any text editor , and is often used with free-form language s. Most examples of ASCII art require a fixed-width font ( non-proportional fonts , as on a traditional typewriter ) such as Courier for presentation .
ASCII art The widespread usage of ASCII art can be traced to the computer bulletin board system s of the late 1970s and early 1980s .
Many game walkthrough guides come as part of a basic .
Types and styles Different techniques could be used in ASCII art to obtain different artistic effects .
-- .
=) ( > º > x =D or >=D > | Evil Laugh | - | : S or : s or = S or = s | Confused | - | >=) or >=) > or >=] or >=] > | Evil Grin | - | O.O or O_O or o_o or o.o or 0.0 or 0_0 or O.o or O_ó or 0 .
Some strips have been translated to Polish and French .
= = = Styles of the computer underground text art scene = = = = = = = Atari 400/800 ATASCII = = = = The Atari 400/800 did not follow the ASCII standard and had its own character set , called ATASCII .
= = = = " Block ASCII " / " High ASCII " style ASCII art on the IBM PC = = = = [ [ Image : ASCII notepad acidview compare .
Block ASCIIs " were widely used on the PC during the 1990s until the Internet replaced BBSes as the main communication platform .
In that same year the second major underground art scene group was founded , ICE , " Insane Creators Enterprise " .
The Commodore 64 PETSCII scene did not make the transition to the Commodore Amiga as the C64 demo and warez scenes did .
Oldskool font example from the PC , which was taken from the ASCII Editor '' FIG let '' .
In spite of its name , the style is not " new " ; on the contrary , it was very old but fell out of favor and was replaced by " Oldskool " and " Block " style ASCII art .
The classic 7-bit standard ASCII characters remain predominant , but the extended characters are often used for " fine tuning " and " tweaking " .
= = = Image to text conversion = = = Other programs allow one to automatically convert an image to text characters , which is a special case of vector quantization .
Examples of converted images are given below .
Still images or movies can also be converted to ASCII on various Linux and UNIX computers using the [ aalib ( black and white ) ] or [ libcaca ( colour ) ] graphics device driver , or the VLC media player under Windows , Linux or Mac OS X ; all of which render the screen using ASCII symbols instead of pixels .
= = Other text-based visual art = = There are a variety of other types of art using text symbols from character sets other than ASCII and/or some form of color coding .
The character set portion designed specifically for drawing is known as the line drawing characters or pseudo-graphics .
SYS , if loaded , also allows such art to be placed on screen by outputting escape sequences that indicate movements of the screen cursor and color/flash changes .
svg | thumb | Posted on in 2000 ] ] A large character selection and the availability of fixed-width characters allow Japanese users to use Shift JIS as a text-based art on Japanese websites .
= = = = Special circumstances of Japan = = = = Japanese mainly refer to ASCII-art ( AA ) as '' ' Shift-JIS Art '' ' in Japan .

American English is a set of dialect s of the English language used mostly in the United States .
English is the most common language in the United States .
This does not happen in the non-rhotic varieties of North American speech .
Several thousand are now used in English as spoken internationally .
Creation of an American lexicon The process of coining new lexical items started as soon as the colonists began borrowing names for unfamiliar flora , fauna , and topography from the Native American languages .
Other Native American loanwords , such as wigwam or moccasin , describe articles in common use among Native Americans .
With the new continent developed new forms of dwelling , and hence a large inventory of words designating real estate concepts ( land office , lot , outlands , waterfront , the verbs locate and relocate , betterment , addition , subdivision ) , types of property ( log cabin , adobe in the 18th century ; frame house , apartment , tenement house , shack , shanty in the 19th century ; project , condominium , townhouse , split-level , mobile home , multi-family in the 20th century ) , and parts thereof ( driveway , breezeway , backyard , dooryard ; clapboard , siding , trim , baseboard ; stoop ( from Dutch ) , family room , den ; and , in recent years , HVAC , central air , walkout basement ) .
Other words and meanings , to various extents , were brought back to Britain , especially in the second half of the 20th century ; these include hire ( " to employ " ) , quit ( " to stop " , which spawned quitter in the U.S. ) , I guess ( famously criticized by H. W. Fowler ) , baggage , hit ( a place ) , and the adverbs overly and presently ( " currently " ) .
The Connecticut River and Long Island Sound is usually regarded as the southern/western extent of New England speech , which has its roots in the speech of the Puritans from East Anglia who settled in the Massachusetts Bay Colony .
This is divided into two discrete subdivisions , the North Midland that begins north of the Ohio River valley area , and the South Midland speech ; sometimes the former is designated simply " Midland " and the latter is reckoned as " Highland Southern " .
Often , these differences are a matter of relative preferences rather than absolute rules ; and most are not stable , since the two varieties are constantly influencing each other .
To aid him in this venture , Hulbert enlisted the help of Spalding .
The owners of these western clubs accompanied Hulbert and Spalding to New York where they secretly met with owners from New York , Philadelphia , Hartford , and Boston .
Spalding retired from playing baseball in 1878 , although he continued as a major force as owner of the White Stockings and major influence on the National League .
While the players were on the tour , the National League instituted new rules regarding player pay that led to a revolt of players , led by Ward , who started the Players League the following season ( 1890 ) .
The league lasted one year , partially due to the anti-competitive tactics of Spalding to limit its success .
In 1905 , after Henry Chadwick wrote an article saying that baseball grew from the British sports of cricket and rounders , Spalding called for a commission to find out the real source of baseball .
Its aim was to enable people to write all the African languages for practical and scientific purposes without diacritic s. It is based on the International Phonetic Alphabet with little differences such as j and y , which instead have the same ( consonant ) sound values as in English .
Standard tournament games are played with four players .
Since there are only seven hotel chains in the game , placing a tile that would create an eighth chain is not permitted .
After a player places a tile , and the results of that placement have been handled , he may purchase up to three shares of stock .
A player may only purchase shares of stock in chains that have already been founded .
Rules issues The rules allow any player to count the number of shares available in the bank .

This continued with the influx of American military personnel in World War II as well as film ; seen in the enduring persistence of okay , you guys and gee .
Despite this , '' advertisement '' is pronounced with / ɪ / . ''
The growth and dominance of general Australian accents perhaps reflects its prominence on radio and television during the late 20th century .
The dialects of English spoken in South Australia , Western Australia , New South Wales , Victoria , Queensland and the Torres Strait islands differ slightly from each other .
For example , '' garbage '' ( ie garbage bin , garbage truck ) dominates over '' rubbish '' in New South Wales and Queensland , while '' rubbish '' is more popular in Victoria and South Australia .
The extent to which the trap‑bath split has taken hold is one example .
Internationally well-known examples of Australian terminology include '' outback '' , meaning a remote , sparsely populated area , '' the bush '' , meaning either a native forest or a country area in general , and '' g ' day '' , a greeting . ''
Litotes , such as " not bad " , " not much " and " you 're not wrong " , are also used , as are diminutive s , which are commonly used and are often used to indicate familiarity .
Pants '' in Australian English refer to British English '' trousers '' but in British English refer to Australian English '' underpants '' ; '' vest '' in Australian English refers to British English '' waistcoat '' but in British English refers to Australian English '' singlet '' ; '' thong '' in both American and British English refers to underwear otherwise known as a '' G-string '' while in Australian English it refers to British and American English '' flip-flop '' .
Also stigmatised in British English but acceptable in Australian English is '' snuck '' as the past tense of sneak . ''
Unlike British English , which is split between '' - ise '' and '' - ize '' in words such as '' organise '' and '' realise '' , with '' - ize '' favoured by the Oxford English Dictionary and '' - ise '' listed as a variant , '' - ize '' is rare in Australian English and designated as a variant by the Macquarie Dictionary . ''
As such , Pound Sterling and Euro currency symbols do not appear on Australian keyboards , which also lack negation symbols and have punctuation symbols placed differently than on British keyboards .

At 10:10 AM , a portion of the Pentagon collapsed ; firefighters spent days trying to fully extinguish the blaze .
Hanjour first came to the United States in 1990 .
Hanjour returned to Saudi Arabia after being certified as a pilot , but left again in late 1999 , telling his family that he was going to the United Arab Emirates to work for an airline .
Soon after arriving , Hanjour and Hazmi left for Mesa , Arizona , where Hanjour began refresher training at Arizona Aviation .
On September 10 , Nawaf al-Hazmi , accompanied by other hijackers , checked into the Marriott in Herndon , Virginia near Dulles Airport .
The screener at the checkpoint never resolved what set off the alarm .
Utility knives up to four inches were permitted at the time by the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) as carry-on items .
The hijackers were all selected for extra screening of their checked bags .
Flight 77 , flying at 530 mph ( 853 km/h , 237 m/s , or 460 knots ) over the Navy Annex Building adjacent to Arlington National Cemetery , crashed into the western side of the Pentagon in Arlington County , Virginia , just south of Washington , D.C. , at 09:37:46 , killing all 53 passengers , five hijackers , and six crew .
In all , the airplane took eight-tenths of a second to fully penetrate into the three outermost of the building 's five rings and unleashed a fireball that rose above the building .
At the time of the attacks , approximately 18,000 people worked in the Pentagon , which was 4,000 fewer than before renovations began in 1998 .
Lieutenant General Timothy Maude , an Army Deputy Chief of Staff , was the highest-ranking military officer killed at the Pentagon ; also killed was retired Rear Admiral Wilson Flagg , a passenger on the plane .
Omar Campo , another witness , was cutting the grass on the other side of the road when the airplane flew over his head . "
Daryl Donley witnessed the crash and took some of the first photographs of the site .
I mean it was like a cruise missile with wings .
And then it sort of disappeared , and there was fire and smoke everywhere . "
Other drivers on Washington Boulevard , Interstate 395 , and Columbia Pike witnessed the crash , as did people in Pentagon City , Crystal City , and other nearby locations .
Typical firefighting tactics were rendered useless by the reinforced structure as firefighters were unable to reach the fire to extinguish it .
While on fire and escaping from the Navy Command Center , Lt. Kevin Shaeffer observed a chunk of the aircraft 's nose cone and the nose landing gear in the service road between rings B and C. Early in the morning on Friday , September 14 , Fairfax County Urban Search and Rescue Team members Carlton Burkhammer and Brian Moravitz came across an " intact seat from the plane 's cockpit " , while paramedics and firefighters located the two black boxes near the punch out hole in the A-E drive , nearly into the building .
On September 21 , the ACFD relinquished control of the crime scene to the FBI .
Pentagon employees returned the next day to offices in mostly unaffected areas of the building .
[[1905]]
They had the element of surprise , and this was also aided by the defection of Arminius from Roman ranks prior to the battle .
However , in some situations , especially when deep behind enemy lines , the actual attack will be carried out by a platoon , a company - sized unit will be deployed to support the attack group , setting up and maintaining a forward patrol harbour from which the attacking force will deploy , and to which they will retire after the attack .
Care must be taken by the ambush commander to ensure that fire from any weapon can not inadvertently hit any other friendly unit ( this is known as crossfire ) .
Waiting Having set up the ambush , the next phase is to wait .
This could be for a few hours , or a few days , depending on the tactical and supply situation .
The ambush commander will have given a clear instruction for initiating the ambush .
An ambush is ideally initiated by the most effective casualty-producing device available to the attacking elements .
It is vital to obtain fire superiority as rapidly as possible , to prevent enemy counter-ambush tactics from being executed .
Avoiding The best way to survive an ambush is not to encounter them .
In order for this to happen , patrol movement must n't be predictable in timing or route , and should avoid the most obvious routes .
Units on foot should have a point man some way ahead of the main body , and , if possible , a rearguard as well .

Abzymes are potential tools in biotechnology , e.g. , to perform specific actions on DNA .

A classic example is the evolution of a fourth cusp in the mammalian tooth .
The trait arose a number of times in different groups during the Cenozoic , and in each instance was immediately followed by an adaptive radiation .
[[1911]]
An allele ( or ) , or allel , is one of a number of alternative forms of the same gene or same genetic locus ( generally a group of genes ) .
Sometimes , different alleles can result in different observable phenotypic trait s , such as different pigmentation .
It derives from the Greek prefix ἀλλήλ - [ allel - ] , meaning " reciprocal " or " each other " , which itself is related to the Greek adjective ἄλλος ( allos ; cognate with Latin alius ) , meaning " other " .
If the first allele is dominant to the second , then the fraction of the population that will show the dominant phenotype is p2 + 2pq , and the fraction with the recessive phenotype is q2 .

That amino group helps the drug penetrate the outer membrane of gram-negative bacteria .
The enzyme responsible for degrading ampicillin is called beta-lactamase , in reference to the beta-lactam structure of ampicillin and related drugs .
Ampicillin ( originally branded as ' Penbritin ' ) also demonstrated activity against Gram-negative organisms such as H. influenzae , coliform s and Proteus spp .
Some pathogens , such as Pseudomonas aeruginosa , additionally possess a high level of intrinsic resistance .
It may take the form of a spontaneous or induced genetic mutation , or the acquisition of resistance gene s from other bacterial species by horizontal gene transfer via conjugation , transduction , or transformation .
These genes may be transferred from non-disease-causing bacteria to those that do cause disease , leading to clinically significant antibiotic resistance .
Six strains of Clostridium , found in the bowels of William Braine and John Hartnell ( members of Franklin Expedition ) showed resistance to cefoxitin and clindamycin .
Studies have shown , however , that the overall population levels of bacteria are essentially unchanged ; only the mix of bacteria is affected .
They then pass this trait to their offspring , which leads to the evolution of a fully resistant colony .
Some types of efflux pumps can act to decrease intracellular quinolone concentration .
We know now , that small populations of E. coli in an antibiotic gradient can become resistant .
One of the most worrisome characteristics of P. aeruginosa is its low antibiotic susceptibility , which is attributable to a concerted action of multidrug efflux pumps with chromosomally encoded antibiotic resistance genes ( for example , mexAB-oprM , mexXY , etc. ) and the low permeability of the bacterial cellular envelopes .
Acinetobacter baumannii On November 5 , 2004 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ) reported an increasing number of Acinetobacter baumannii bloodstream infections in patients at military medical facilities in which service members injured in the Iraq / Kuwait region during Operation Iraqi Freedom and in Afghanistan during Operation Enduring Freedom were treated .
M. tuberculosis develops resistance to drugs by spontaneous mutations in its genomes .
Alternatives Prevention Rational use of antibiotics may reduce the chances of development of opportunistic infection by antibiotic-resistant bacteria due to dysbacteriosis .
In one study , the use of fluoroquinolones is clearly associated with Clostridium difficile infection , which is a leading cause of nosocomial diarrhea in the United States , and a major cause of death , worldwide .
Nevertheless , new strains may evolve that escape immunity induced by vaccines ; for example an updated influenza vaccine is needed each year .
Cytokines have the potential to achieve the animal growth rates traditionally sought by the use of antibiotics without the contribution of antibiotic resistance associated with the widespread nontherapeutic uses of antibiotics currently used in the food animal production industries .
Some antigens start out as exogenontigens , and later become endogenous ( for example , intracellular viruses ) .
More common are antigens that are presented by tumor cells and normal cells , and they are called tumor-associated antigen s ( TAAs ) .
Nativity A native antigen is an antigen that is not yet processed by an APC to smaller parts .


[[1919]]
Al-Qaeda has carried out several attacks on non-Muslims , and other targets it considers kafir .
With the loss of key leaders , culminating in the death of Osama bin Laden , al-Qaeda 's operations have devolved from actions that were controlled from the top-down , to actions by franchise associated groups , to actions of lone wolf operators .
Characteristic techniques employed by al-Qaeda include suicide attack s and simultaneous bombings of different targets .
Bin Laden was advised by a Shura Council , which consists of senior al-Qaeda members , estimated by Western officials to consist of 20 – 30 people .
Atiyah Abd al-Rahman was alleged to be second in command prior to his death on August 22 , 2011 .
Another group , approximately 10,000 strong , live in Western states and have received rudimentary combat training .
Financing Some financing for al-Qaeda in the 1990s came from the personal wealth of Osama bin Laden .
The name stayed .
Some have argued that " without the writings " of Islamic author and thinker Sayyid Qutb , " al-Qaeda would not have existed . "
Young Ayman al-Zawahiri heard again and again from his beloved uncle Mahfouz about the purity of Qutb 's character and the torment he had endured in prison . "
A CIA program called Operation Cyclone channeled funds through Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence agency to the Afghan Mujahideen who were fighting the Soviet occupation .
MAK and foreign mujahideen volunteers , or " Afghan Arabs , " did not play a major role in the war .
His research suggests that al-Qaeda was formed at an August 11 , 1988 , meeting between " several senior leaders " of Egyptian Islamic Jihad , Abdullah Azzam , and bin Laden , where it was agreed to join bin Laden 's money with the expertise of the Islamic Jihad organization and take up the jihadist cause elsewhere after the Soviets withdrew from Afghanistan .
After speaking publicly against the Saudi government for harboring American troops , he was banished and forced to live in exile in Sudan .
The move followed an Islamist coup d'état in Sudan , led by Colonel Omar al-Bashir , who professed a commitment to reordering Muslim political values .
Zawahiri and the EIJ , who served as the core of al-Qaeda but also engaged in separate operations against the Egyptian government , had bad luck in Sudan .
Several sources dispute Ijaz 's claim , including the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks on the U.S. ( the 9 – 11 Commission ) , which concluded in part : Sudan 's minister of defense , Fatih Erwa , has claimed that Sudan offered to hand Bin Ladin over to the U.S. .
The Brigade was made up of mostly foreign fighters , many veterans from the Soviet Invasion , and all under the same basic ideology of the mujahideen .
This was , however , a fundamentally defensive strategy .
U.S. President Barack Obama approved the targeted killing of al-Awlaki by April 2010 , making al-Awlaki the first U.S. citizen ever placed on the CIA target list .
Representative Jane Harman called him " terrorist number one " , and Investor 's Business Daily called him " the world 's most dangerous man " .
Bin Laden and those with him were killed during a firefight in which U.S. forces experienced no injuries or casualties .
One U.S. official stated that " finding a country willing to accept the remains of the world 's most wanted terrorist would have been difficult . "
1993 World Trade Center bombing In 1993 , Ramzi Yousef used a truck bomb to attack the World Trade Center in New York City .
There he began developing the Bojinka Plot plans to implode a dozen American airliners simultaneously , to assassinate Pope John Paul II and President Bill Clinton , and to crash a private plane into CIA headquarters .
A barrage of cruise missile s launched by the U.S. military in response devastated an al-Qaeda base in Khost , Afghanistan , but the network 's capacity was unharmed .
He also claimed the 9/11 attacks were not targeted at women and children , but ' America 's icons of military and economic power ' .
Evidence has since come to light that the original targets for the attack may have been nuclear power stations on the east coast of the U.S. .
The first forces to be inserted into Afghanistan were Paramilitary Officers from the CIA 's elite Special Activities Division ( SAD ) .
The Ansar al Dine faction aligned themselves with the AQIM .
In November 2001 Kathmandu airport went on high alert after threats that Bin Laden planned to hijack a plane from there and crash it into a target in New Delhi .
There 's no evidence of this .
Noman Benotman , a former Afghan Arab and militant of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group , went public with an open letter of criticism to Ayman al-Zawahiri in November 2007 after persuading imprisoned senior leadership of his former group to enter into peace negotiations with the Libyan regime .
How many innocent people , children , elderly , and women have been killed ... in the name of al-Qaeda ?
See also Publications : References Further reading External links
Volta also studied what we now call electrical capacitance , developing separate means to study both electrical potential ( V ) and charge ( Q ) , and discovering that for a given object , they are proportional .
The positively charged hydrogen ions ( proton s ) capture electron s from the copper , forming bubbles of hydrogen gas , H2 .
Not far away stands the Villa Olmo , which houses the Voltian Foundation , an organization promoting scientific activities .
Toyota furnished the electric hybrid engine to Italian design house Giugiaro to build the Toyota Volta in 2003 .
Publications De vi attractiva ignis electrici ( 1769 ) ( On the attractive force of electric fire ) See also References External links
In 1752 , the French astronomer Nicolas Louis de Lacaille subdivided it into Carina ( the keel , or the hull , of the ship ) , Puppis ( the poop deck , or stern ) , and Vela ( the sail s ) .
See also External links and references

As a subject , Andromeda has been popular in art since classical times ; it is one of several Greek myths of a Greek hero 's rescue of the intended victim of an archaic sacred marriage , giving rise to the " princess and dragon " motif .
Perseus and Andromeda had seven sons : Perses , Alcaeus , Heleus , Mestor , Sthenelus , Electryon , and Cynurus as well as two daughters , Autochthe and Gorgophone .
Depictions in art Sources References
Its name means " pump " and it specifically represents an air pump .
This group of constellations is prominent in the southern sky in late winter and spring .
Lacaille and Johann Bode each depicted Antlia differently , as either the single-cylinder vacuum pump used in Papin 's initial experiments , or the more advanced double-cylinder version .
The International Astronomical Union subsequently adopted it as one of the 88 modern constellations .
There is no mythology attached to Antlia as Lacaille discontinued the tradition of giving names from mythology to constellations and instead chose names mostly from scientific instruments .
NGC 2997 is a loose face-on spiral galaxy of type Sc .
The Antlia Dwarf , a 14.8 m dwarf spheroidal galaxy that belongs to our Local Group of galaxies .
It was discovered only as recently as 1997 .
Several stars in the southern part of Antlia were a portion of " Dong ' ou " , which represented an area in southern China .
Furthermore , epsilon Antliae , eta Antliae , and theta Antliae were incorporated into the celestial temple , which also contained stars from modern Pyxis .

Ara is a southern constellation situated between Scorpius and Triangulum Australe .
However , depictions of Ara often vary in their details .
Hyginus also depicted Ara as an altar with burning incense , though his Ara featured devils on either side of the flames .
Unlike most depictions , the smoke from Blaeu 's Ara rises northward , represented by Alpha Arae .
The nearby Milky Way represents the smoke rising from the offerings on the altar .
Namesakes USS Ara ( AK-136 ) was a United States Navy Crater class cargo ship named after the constellation .


Its name is an Algonquian name of the Quapaw Indians .
The state 's diverse geography ranges from the mountainous regions of the Ozark and the Ouachita Mountains , which make up the U.S. Interior Highlands , to the densely forested land in the south known as the Arkansas Timberlands , to the eastern lowlands along the Mississippi River and the Arkansas Delta .
Arkansas began to diversify its economy following World War II and now relies on its service industry as well as aircraft , poultry , steel and tourism in addition to cotton and rice .
Etymology The name “ Arkansas ” derives from the same root as the name for the state of Kansas .
These directionally named regions are also not defined along county lines and are also broad .
Arkansas has seven distinct natural regions : the Ozark Mountains , Ouachita Mountains , Arkansas River Valley , Gulf Coastal Plain , Crowley 's Ridge , and the Arkansas Delta , with Central Arkansas sometimes included as a blend of multiple regions .
The Saline River , Little Missouri River , Bayou Bartholomew , and the Caddo River all serve as tributaries to the Ouachita River in south Arkansas , which eventually empties into the Mississippi in Louisiana .
More than 43,000 Native American living , hunting and tool making sites , many of them Pre-Columbian burial mounds and rock shelters , have been cataloged by the State Archeologist .
Flora and fauna Arkansas is divided into three broad ecoregions , the Ozark , Ouachita-Appalachian Forests , Mississippi Alluvial and Southeast USA Coastal Plains , and the Southeastern USA Plains .
The state is further divided into seven subregions : the Arkansas Valley , Boston Mountains , Mississippi Alluvial Plain , Mississippi Valley Loess Plain , Ozark Highlands , Ouachita Mountains , and the South Central Plains .
The northwestern highlands are covered in an oak-hickory mixture , with Ozark white cedar s , cornus ( dogwoods ) , and Cercis canadensis ( redbuds ) also present .
Originally a Quapaw village , Arkansas Post was the first European settlement upon its establishment by de Tonti in 1686 , in the name of King Louis XIV of France .
The early Spanish or French explorers of the state gave it its name , which is probably a phonetic spelling of the Illinois tribe 's name for the Quapaw people , who lived downriver from them .
Napoleon Bonaparte sold French Louisiana to the United States in 1803 , including all of Arkansas , in a transaction known today as the Louisiana Purchase , although French soldiers remained at Arkansas Post .
Following a controversy over allowing slavery in the territory , the Territory of Arkansas was organized on July 4 , 1819 .
Native American removals began in earnest during the territorial period , with final Quapaw removal complete by 1833 .
The capital was relocated from Arkansas Post to Little Rock in 1821 , during the territorial period .
Arkansas immediately struggled with taxation to support its new state government , a problem made worse by a state banking scandal and worse yet by the Panic of 1837 .
Little Rock was captured the following year , forcing the Confederate capital to move to Hot Springs , and then again to Washington from 1863-1865 , for the remainder of the war .
It also brought new development into different parts of the state , including the Ozarks , where some areas were developed as resorts .
In the late 1880s , the worsening agricultural depression catalyzed Populist and third party movements , leading to interracial coalitions .
Only in the primary was there any competition among candidates , as Democrats held all the power .
The Fayetteville – Springdale – Rogers Metropolitan Area is the second-largest metropolitan area in Arkansas , growing at the fastest rate due to the influx of businesses and the growth of the University of Arkansas and Walmart .
The state has eight cities with populations above 50,000 ( based on 2010 census ) .
As of 2012 , Arkansas has an estimated population of 2,949,132 .
Following statehood in 1836 , the population doubled each decade until the 1870 Census conducted following the Civil War .
Their ancestry primarily goes back to the original thirteen colonies and for this reason many of them today simply claim " American " ancestry , though they are of predominately English ancestry .
As of March 2013 the state 's unemployment rate is 7.2 % Industry and commerce Arkansas 's earliest industries were fur trading and agriculture .
The state is the U.S. 's largest producer of rice and ranks in the top three for cotton , broiler s , pullets , turkeys , and aquaculture ( catfish ) .
In recent years , automobile parts manufacturers have opened factories in eastern Arkansas to support auto plants in other states .
The museum includes walking trails and educational opportunities in addition to displaying over 450 works covering five centuries of American art .
Several historic town sites have been restored as Arkansas state parks , including Historic Washington State Park , Powhatan Historic State Park , and Davidsonville Historic State Park .
Millions of acres of public land are available for both bow and modern gun hunters .
Several smaller retirement communities such as Bull Shoals , Hot Springs Village , and Fairfield Bay have flourished due to their position on a fishing lake .
The University of Arkansas first fielded a team in 1894 when football was a very dangerous game .
The Arkansas Clean Indoor Air Act went into effect in 2006 , a statewide smoking ban excluding bars and some restaurants .
Part of the problem has been the resistance to needed reforms , including low teacher salaries , a large quantity of small rural school districts , and small budgets for spending on students .
The historic failure to commit necessary funds and attention to education has resulted in an undereducated populace .
Governor Mike Beebe has made improving education a major issue through his attempts to spend more on education .
Other public institutions include Arkansas Tech University , Henderson State University , Southern Arkansas University , and University of Central Arkansas across the state .
It is also home to 11 private colleges and universities including Hendrix College , one of the nation 's top 100 liberal arts colleges , according to U.S. News & World Report .
The Mississippi River and Arkansas River are both major rivers .
Law and government As with the federal government of the United States , political power in Arkansas is divided into three branches : executive , legislative , and judicial .
Arkansas voters selected a 21-14 Republican majority in the Senate in 2012 .
Politics Arkansas Governor Bill Clinton brought national attention to the state with a long speech at the 1988 Democratic National Convention endorsing Michael Dukakis .

Atmosphere or Atmospheres most commonly refers to : Science Sound Recording Music/Entertainment Computing Other

The name " Apus " is derived from the Greek " apous " , meaning " without feet " , which referred to the Western conception of a bird-of-paradise as one without feet , a misconception perpetuated by the fact that the only specimens available in the West had both feet and wings removed .
In the subsequent centuries , the Persian version of the name had begun to come into general use before it was adopted by official decree in 1935 .
In this time period , it was a commercial source of salt and woven mat s. The siltation of the river delta forced the town further away from water ; In the 14th century , however , Ibn Battutah described Abadan just as a small port in a flat salty plain .
By 1938 , it was the largest in the world .
To this day it remains a vast facility for refining petroleum .
In 1951 , Iran nationalized all oil properties and refining ground to a stop on the island .
Thus while Persian - speakers were concentrated on the lower rungs of the work force , managers tended to be brought in from some distance .
[[1935]]

His best-known discoveries are the enzyme lysozyme in 1923 and the antibiotic substance penicillin from the mould Penicillium notatum in 1928 , for which he shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1945 with Howard Florey and Ernst Boris Chain .
Fleming showed the contaminated culture to his former assistant Merlin Price , who reminded him , " That 's how you discovered lysozyme . "
Fleming also became convinced that penicillin would not last long enough in the human body ( in vivo ) to kill bacteria effectively .
Purification and stabilisationIn Oxford , Ernst Boris Chain and Edward Abraham worked out how to isolate and concentrate penicillin .
Carnegie started as a telegraph er and by the 1860s had investments in railroads , railroad sleeping cars , bridges and oil derricks .
Scott also helped him with his first investments .
1860 – 1865 : The Civil WarBefore the Civil War , Carnegie arranged a merger between Woodruff 's company and that of George Pullman , the inventor of a sleeping car for first class travel which facilitated business travel at distances over .
In spring 1861 , Carnegie was appointed by Scott , who was now Assistant Secretary of War in charge of military transportation , as Superintendent of the Military Railways and the Union Government 's telegraph lines in the East .
Carnegie helped open the rail lines into Washington D.C. that the rebels had cut ; he rode the locomotive pulling the first brigade of Union troops to reach Washington D.C. Following the defeat of Union forces at Bull Run , he personally supervised the transportation of the defeated forces .
Carnegie later joked that he was " the first casualty of the war " when he gained a scar on his cheek from freeing a trapped telegraph wire .
The demand for iron products , such as armor for gunboats , cannon , and shells , as well as a hundred other industrial products , made Pittsburgh a center of wartime production .
Carnegie had some investments in the iron industry before the war .
In 1897 , the couple had their only child , a daughter , whom they named after Carnegie 's mother , Margaret .
Sir Henry Bessemer had invented the furnace which allowed the high carbon content of pig iron to be burnt away in a controlled and rapid way .
The second was in his vertical integration of all suppliers of raw materials .
This project was an important proof-of-concept for steel technology , which marked the opening of a new steel market .
He concluded negotiations on March 2 , 1901 , and formed the United States Steel Corporation .
It was the first corporation in the world with a market capitalization over $ 1 billion .
The letter agreeing to sell his share was signed on February 26 , 1901 .
On March 2 , the circular formally filing the organization and capitalization ( at $ 1,400,000,000 — 4 % of U.S. national wealth at the time ) of the United States Steel Corporation actually completed the contract .
Carnegie erected commodious swimming-baths for the people of his hometown in Dunfermline in 1879 .
They toured Scotland by coach , and enjoyed several receptions en route .
It gave a highly favorable and idealized view of American progress and criticized the British royal family .
As the end of the Spanish American War neared , the United States bought the Philippines from Spain for $ 20 million .
At his death , his last $ 30,000,000 was given to foundations , charities , and to pensioners .
In doing so , Carnegie left mediation of the dispute in the hands of his associate and partner Henry Clay Frick .
After a recent increase in profits by 60 % , the company refused to raise worker 's pay by more than 30 % .
Workers considered the stoppage a " lockout " by management and not a " strike " by workers .
Pennsylvania Governor Robert Pattison ordered two brigades of state militia to the strike site .
The latter has not been out of print since it was first published and has sold more than 30 million copies worldwide .
” Moreover , Spencer perceived governmental authority as borrowed from the people to perform the transitory aims of establishing social cohesion , insurance of rights , and security .
Carnegie believed the concentration of capital was essential for societal progress and should be encouraged .
In particular , it appears Carnegie either misunderstood or intentionally misrepresented some of Spencer 's principal arguments .
Spencer remarked upon his first visit to Carnegie 's steel mills in Pittsburgh , which Carnegie saw as the manifestation of Spencer 's philosophy , " Six months ' residence here would justify suicide . " "
Carnegie urged other wealthy people to contribute to society in the form of parks , works of art , libraries and other endeavors that improve the community and contribute to the “ lasting good .
Napoleon Hill wrote that Carnegie asserted the importance of belief in " Infinite Intelligence " , a name Hill used to identify " God " or the " Supreme Being " .
For its inaugural international event , the CPU sponsored a conference to be held on August 1 , 1914 , on the shores of Lake Constance in southern Germany .
As the delegates made their way to the conference by train , Germany was invading Belgium .
Despite its inauspicious beginning , the CPU thrived .
Today its focus is on ethics and it is known as the Carnegie Council for Ethics in International Affairs , an independent , nonpartisan , nonprofit organization , whose mission is to be the voice for ethics in international affairs .
In addition to Triumphant Democracy ( 1886 ) , and The Gospel of Wealth ( 1889 ) , he also wrote An American Four-in-hand in Britain ( 1883 ) , Round the World ( 1884 ) , The Empire of Business ( 1902 ) , The Secret of Business is the Management of Men ( 1903 ) , James Watt ( 1905 ) in the Famous Scots Series , Problems of Today ( 1907 ) , and his posthumously published autobiography Autobiography of Andrew Carnegie ( 1920 ) .
A number of phoneticians distinguish between semivowels and approximants by their location in a syllable .
In articulation and often diachronically , palatal approximants correspond to front vowel s , velar approximants to back vowel s , and labialized approximants to rounded vowel s. In American English , the rhotic approximant corresponds to the rhotic vowel .
Sievers ' law describes this behaviour for Germanic .
Central approximants Lateral approximants In lateral approximants , the center of tongue makes solid contact with the roof of the mouth .

King Charles II , who founded the Royal Observatory Greenwich in 1675 instructed the first Astronomer Royal John Flamsteed " . "
The Astronomer Royal receives a stipend of 100 GBP per year and is a member of the Royal Household , under the general authority of the Lord Chamberlain .
It is a Latin transliteration from the koine Greek word ( ho aion ) , from the archaic ( aiwon ) .
Contrast in well-known English translations with its rendering in Young 's Literal Translation : And these shall go away to punishment age-during , but the righteous to life age-during .
That is , after the period of the eons , all punishment will cease and death is overcome and then God becomes the all in each one ( ) .
Aeon may also be an archaic name for omnipotent beings , such as gods .
In the Basilidian Gnosis they are called sonships ( υἱότητες huiotetes ; sing. : huiotes ) ; according to Marcus , they are numbers and sounds ; in Valentinianism they form male/female pairs called " syzygies " ( Greek , from σύζυγοι syzygoi ) .
Generally , airline companies are recognized with an air operating certificate or license issued by a governmental aviation body .
Those attempts floundered due to such mishaps as the airships catching fire and the aircraft being ripped apart by spectators .
The airline soon gained a reputation for reliability , despite problems with bad weather .
Six Royal Air Force Airco DH .9 A aircraft were lent to the company , to operate the airmail service between Hawkinge and Cologne .
In 1920 , they were returned to the Royal Air Force .
In Finland , the charter establishing Aero O/Y ( now Finnair ) was signed in the city of Helsinki on September 12 , 1923 .
Pan Am and Northwest Airways ( which began flights to Canada in the 1920s ) were the only U.S. airlines to go international before the 1940s .
They were eager to invest in the newly emerging flagships of air travel such as the Boeing Stratocruiser , Lockheed Constellation , and Douglas DC-6 .
The Vickers Viscount and Lockheed L-188 Electra inaugurated turboprop transport .
However , of these , ATA and Skybus have since ceased operations .
Among some of these holding companies and parent companies that are the relatively well known , are the UAL Corporation , along with the AMR Corporation , among a long list of airline holding companies sometime recognized world wide .
Bachrach 's majority share in PATCO was bought by beer magnate Andres R. Soriano in 1939 upon the advice of General Douglas McArthur and later merged with newly formed Philippine Airlines with PAL as the surviving entity .
Following the end of the war in 1945 , regular commercial service was restored in India and Tata Airlines became a public limited company on July 29 , 1946 under the name Air India .
Latin American airline industry Among the first countries to have regular airlines in Latin America were Bolivia with Lloyd Aéreo Boliviano , Cuba with Cubana de Aviación , Colombia with Avianca , Chile with LAN Chile ( today LAN Airlines ) , Brazil with Varig , Dominican Republic with Dominicana de Aviación , Mexico with Mexicana de Aviación , Venezuela with Aeropostal , and TACA based in El Salvador and representing several airlines of Central America ( Costa Rica , Guatemala , Honduras and Nicaragua ) .
The entry barriers for new airlines are lower in a deregulated market , and so the U.S. has seen hundreds of airlines start up ( sometimes for only a brief operating period ) .
This is a major constraint on profitability for established carriers , which tend to have a higher cost base .
Open skies agreements have met some criticism , particularly within the European Union , whose airlines would be at a comparative disadvantage with the United States ' because of cabotage restrictions .
Profitability is likely to improve in the future as privatization continues and more competitive low-cost carriers proliferate .
The extent of these pricing phenomena is strongest in " legacy " carriers .
In contrast , low fare carriers usually offer preannounced and simplified price structure , and sometimes quote prices for each leg of a trip separately .
Thus all but a small percentage of the income from ticket sales is paid out to a wide variety of external providers or internal cost centers .
Airlines are also responsible for enforcing government regulations .
Analysis of the 1992 – 1996 period shows that every player in the air transport chain is far more profitable than the airlines , who collect and pass through fees and revenues to them from ticket sales .
If a particular city has two or more airports , market forces will tend to attract the less profitable routes , or those on which competition is weakest , to the less congested airport , where slots are likely to be more available and therefore cheaper .
For example , LaGuardia Airport is the preferred airport for most of Manhattan due to its proximity , while long-distance routes must use John F. Kennedy International Airport 's longer runways .
These alliances can act as virtual mergers to get around government restrictions .
North America accounts for nearly 40 percent of the world 's GHG emissions from aviation fuel use .
The solution would be blending algae fuels with existing jet fuel : There are Electric aircraft projects , where some of them are fully operational planes as of 2013 .
The industry has been observed to be cyclical in its financial performance .
Since 1980 , the industry has not earned back the cost of capital during the best of times .
Warren Buffett once said that despite all the money that has been invested in all airlines , the net profit is less than zero .
As in many mature industries , consolidation is a trend .
Airline groupings may consist of limited bilateral partnerships , long-term , multi-faceted alliances between carriers , equity arrangements , mergers , or takeover s. Since governments often restrict ownership and merger between companies in different countries , most consolidation takes place within a country .
However , the first 6-year-term seats were won by Don Chipp ( Vic ) and Colin Mason ( NSW ) .
The casual NSW vacancy created by his resignation was filled by Karin Sowada .
Their power was weakened in 1996 after the Howard Government was elected , and a Labor senator , Mal Colston , resigned from the Labor party .
Cheryl Kernot became leader in 1993 .
On 29 January 2004 , after seeking medical treatment , Bartlett returned to the Australian Democrats leadership , vowing to abstain from alcohol .
2004 Support for the Australian Democrats fell significantly at the 2004 federal election in which they achieved only 2.4 per cent of the national vote .
Following the loss , the customary post-election leadership ballot installed Lyn Allison as leader and Andrew Bartlett as her deputy .
A higher vote was achieved in some of the Legislative Assembly seats selectively contested as compared to 2003 .
She was replaced by her media adviser , David Winderlich .
In December , former staffer David Collyer contested the federal 2009 Higgins by-election and received 2.3 percent of the vote , a tally which was exceeded by those of the Greens ( 32.4 % ) , the DLP ( 3.85 % ) and the newly founded Sex Party ( 3.21 % ) .
The Democrats won 10.8 percent of the vote at the 2012 Heffron state by-election coming third of four candidates in the absence of a Liberal Party candidate .
Therefore , they never managed to win a House of Representatives seat .
Aboriginal senator Aden Ridgeway was deputy leader under Natasha Stott Despoja .

The territory was transferred to the Commonwealth by the state of New South Wales in 1911 , two years prior to the naming of Canberra as the National Capital in 1913 .
The ACT also has a small strip of territory around the southern end of the Beecroft Peninsula , which is the northern headland of Jervis Bay .
Small townships and communities located within the ACT include Williamsdale , Naas , Uriarra , Tharwa and Hall .
Thunderstorm s can occur between October and March , and annual rainfall is 623 millimetres ( 24.5 in ) , with rainfall highest in spring and summer and lowest in winter .
Members of the Legislative Assembly are elected via the Hare Clarke system .
The ACT Government is a member of the Council of Australian Governments .
In 1915 the Jervis Bay Territory Acceptance Act 1915 created the Jervis Bay Territory as an annexe to the Australian Capital Territory .
The average level of degree qualification in the ACT is higher than the national average .
Within the ACT 4.5 % of the population have a postgraduate degree compared to 1.8 % across the whole of Australia .
Major roads follow a wheel-and-spoke pattern rather than a grid .
In 2005 there were 60,275 students in the ACT school system .
In the United Kingdom , the number of units contained in a typical serving of an alcoholic beverage is publicised and printed on bottles .
For example , those who drank over 3 units a day had nearly twice the risk of a hip fracture .
The series placed # 48 on Entertainment Weekly " New TV Classics " list .
The background score for the show was composed by Danny Lux .
In addition , both releases contain all of the original music .
Seasons 3 , 4 and 5 were all released on October 5 , 2010 .
While 13 episodes of Ally were created , only 10 were actually broadcast .
The principal crux of the parody was that , effectively , Single Female Lawyer had no discernible plot other than the fact that the female lead was very attractive , wore a short skirt , and slept with her clients .
De Amore is made up of three books .
Many scholars now agree that Andreas was commenting on the materialistic , superficial nature of the nobles of the Middle Ages .

Founded in 1920 by Crystal Eastman , Roger Baldwin and Walter Nelles , the ACLU has over 500,000 members and has an annual budget over $ 100 million .
When the ACLU was founded in 1920 , its focus was on freedom of speech , primarily for anti-war protesters .
The board of directors consists of 80 persons , including representatives from each state affiliate , as well as at-large delegates .
In 1968 , a schism formed over whether to represent Dr. Spock 's anti-war activism .
Funding The ACLU consists of two separate non-profit organizations : the ACLU , and the ACLU Foundation .
Smaller affiliates with fewer resources , such as that in Nebraska , receive subsidies from the national ACLU .
Fee awards under this civil rights statute are considered " equitable relief " rather than damages , and government entities are not immune from equitable relief .
Three Supreme Court decisions in 1919 each upheld convictions outlawing certain kinds of anti-war speech .
Then , in Debs v. United States , the court upheld the conviction of Eugene Debs .
The ACLU was directed by an executive committee , but the committee was not particularly democratic or egalitarian ; since the ACLU was headquartered in New York , the executive committee was dominated by New Yorkers .
Communist leaders often attacked the ACLU , particularly when the ACLU defended the free speech rights of conservatives .
Scopes trial When 1925 arrived – five years after the ACLU was formed – the organization had virtually no success to show for its efforts .
Although the decision was limited to the state of New Jersey , the appeals court 's judgement in 1928 declared that constitutional guarantees of free speech must be given " liberal and comprehensive construction " , and it marked a major turning point in the civil rights movement , signaling the shift of judicial opinion in favor of civil rights .
The success prompted the ACLU to broaden their freedom of speech efforts beyond labor and political speech , to encompass movies , press , radio and literature .
The ACLU formed the National Committee on Freedom from Censorship in 1931 to coordinate this effort .
In Near v. Minnesota , also decided in 1931 , the Supreme Court ruled that states may not exercise prior restraint and prevent a newspaper from publishing , simply because the newspaper had a reputation for being scandalous .
National leaders hailed the Bill of Rights , particularly as it protected minorities , as the essence of democracy .
The ACLU took no official position on president Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's 1937 court-packing plan , which threatened to increase the number of Supreme Court justices , unless the Supreme Court reversed its course and began approving New Deal legislation .
The newly formed National Labor Relations Board ( NLRB ) posed a dilemma for the ACLU , because in 1937 it issued an order to Henry Ford , prohibiting Ford from disseminating anti-union literature .
Part of the ACLU leadership habitually took the side of labor , and that faction supported the NLRB 's action .
To underscore its decision , the Supreme Court announced it on Flag Day .
Communism and totalitarianism The rise of totalitarianism in Germany , Russia , and Italy during World War II had a tremendous impact on the civil liberties movement .
On the one hand , the oppression of the totalitarian states put into sharp relief the virtue of freedom of speech and association in the United States ; on the other hand , they prompted an anti-communist hysteria in America which eroded many civil liberties .
The 1940 resolution was a disaster for the ACLU , and considered by many to be a betrayal of its fundamental principles .
In spite of this newfound respect for civil rights , Americans were becoming adamantly anti-communist , and believed that excluding communists from American society was an essential step to preserve democracy .
In addition to encompassing Japanese citizens , it also swept up American citizens of Japanese ancestry .
In late 1944 , the second case , Korematsu v. United States , also upheld the government 's right to relocate the Japanese-Americans .
Although the ACLU defended the Japanese-Americans , it was more reluctant to defend anti-war protesters .
Cold war era Anti-communist sentiment gripped the United States during the Cold War beginning in 1946 .
Any association with these programs was ground for barring the person from employment .
The case hinged on whether or not mere membership in a totalitarian political party was sufficient to conclude that members advocated the overthrow of the United States government .
The ACLU supported many of the communists during their appeals ( although most of the initiative originated with local ACLU affiliates , not the national headquarters ) but most convictions were upheld .
Under Malin ’s guidance , membership tripled to 30,000 by 1955 the start of a 24 year period of continual growth leading to 275,000 members in 1974 .
Thereafter , the ACLU proceeded with firmer resolve against Cold War anti-communist legislation .
The ACLU led the challenge in the 1947 Everson v. Board of Education case , in which Justice Hugo Black wrote " [ t ] he First Amendment has erected a wall between church and state … .
Historian Samuel Walker writes that the ACLU ’s “ greatest impact on American life ” was its role in persuading the Supreme Court to “ constitutionalize " so many public controversies .
Southern states instituted a McCarthyism-style witch-hunt against the NAACP , attempting it to disclose membership lists .
The Gideon v. Wainwright decision in 1963 provided legal representation to indigents .
Civil liberties revolution of the 1960s The 1960s was a tumultuous era in the United States , and public interest in civil liberties underwent an explosive growth .
Thirteen year old Junior High student Mary Tinker wore a black armband to school in 1965 to object to the war , and was suspended from school .
The Supreme Court , in Cohen v. California , held that the vulgarity of the wording was essential to convey the intensity of the message .
Administratively , the ACLU responded by appointing Aryeh Neier to take over from Pemberton as Executive Director in 1970 .
The term enclave originated with Supreme Court justice Abe Fortas 's use of the phrase " schools may not be enclaves of totalitarianism " in the Tinker v. Des Moines decision .
The ACLU successfully argued against state bans on interracial marriage , in the case of Loving v. Virginia ( 1967 ) .
The ACLU supported several measures , including the 1970 Fair Credit Reporting Act required credit agencies to divulge credit information to individuals ; the 1973 Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act , which provided students the right to access their records ; and the 1974 Privacy Act which prevented the federal government from disclosing personal information without good cause .
The Skokie case It is the policy of the ACLU to support the civil liberties of defendants regardless of their ideological stance .
The Skokie case was heavily publicized across America , partially because Jewish groups such as the Jewish Defense League and Anti Defamation League strenuously objected to the demonstration , leading many members of the ACLU to cancel their memberships .
The ACLU opposed the 2003 CAN-SPAM act suggesting that it could have a chilling effect on speech in cyberspace .
On October 3 , 2006 , police arrest skid row 's transients for sleeping on the streets for the first time in months .
The ACLU prevailed in the lawsuit .
Anti-terrorism issues After the September 11 , 2001 attacks , the federal government instituted a broad range of new measures to combat terrorism , including the passage of the USA PATRIOT Act .
During the ensuing debate regarding the proper balance of civil liberties and security , the membership of the ACLU increased by 20 % , bringing the group 's total enrollment to 330,000 .
It remained at that level through 2011 .
In response to a requirement of the USA PATRIOT Act , the ACLU withdrew from the Combined Federal Campaign charity drive .
The campaign imposed a requirement that ACLU employees must be checked against a federal anti-terrorism watch list .
The Bush administration did suspend the program while the appeal was being heard .
See also Footnotes References Further reading Selected works sponsored or published by the ACLU External links

In a failure to predict the direction of computing , Adobe released a complete version of Illustrator for Steve Jobs ' ill-fated NeXT system , but a poorly produced version for Windows .
Despite these missteps , licensing fees from the PostScript interpreter allowed Adobe to outlast or acquire many of its rivals in the late 1980s and early 1990s .
In April 2010 , Steve Jobs published a post titled " Thoughts on Flash " where he outlined his thoughts on Adobe Flash and the rise of HTML 5 .
On November 9 , 2011 Adobe announced that they would cease development of Flash for mobile devices following version 11.1 .
Adobe 's 2006 revenues were US$ 2.575 billion .
For example , the 2007 fiscal year ended on November 30 , 2007 .
Adobe was rated the fifth-best U.S. company to work for in 2003 , sixth in 2004 , 31st in 2007 , 40th in 2008 , and eleventh in 2009 .
He also trained teachers to teach his work from 1930 until his death in 1955 .
The technique is applied dynamically to everyday movements , as well as actions selected by students .
Exercise as a teaching tool is deliberately omitted because of a common mistaken assumption that there exists a " correct " position .
It 's also a specific time to practice Alexander 's principle of conscious " directing " without " doing . "
The technique has been used by actors to reduce stage fright and to increase spontaneity .
The study concluded that one-on-one lessons in the Alexander Technique from registered teachers have long term benefits for patients with chronic back pain , and that six lessons followed by exercise prescription were nearly as effective as 24 lessons .
Workshops do exist , but usually do not last long enough to fulfill educational requirements for most students , who must then attend additional private lessons if they want to gain proficiency .
Practicing the Alexander technique can not affect skeletal deformities once they occur ( such as arthritis , osteoporosis ) or halt the progress of other diseases affecting movement ability , ( such as Parkinson 's , etc. ) However , Alexander Technique can augment the ability to cope with these issues .
He published many legal works , and some annotations on Tacitus and accumulated a sylloge of Roman inscriptions from Milan and its territories , as part of his preparation for his history of Milan , written in 1504-05 .
The absolute magnitude , M , of a celestial body ( outside the Solar System ) is the apparent magnitude it would have if it were 10 parsec s ( ~ 32.6 light years ) away ; that of a planet ( or other Solar System body ) is the apparent magnitude it would have if it were 1 astronomical unit away from both the Sun and Earth .
\ , of an object given its apparent magnitude m \ !
\ , : Also calculating absolute magnitude M \ !
Although the ignition source was never conclusively identified , the astronauts ' deaths were attributed to a wide range of lethal design and construction flaws in the early Apollo Command Module .
The Saturn IB launch vehicle , SA-204 , scheduled for use on this mission , was later used for the first unmanned Lunar Module test flight , Apollo 5 .
Television cameras were carried aboard all manned Apollo missions .
McDivitt , Scott and Schweikart had started their training for AS-278 in CM-101 when the Apollo 1 accident occurred .
The design 's center depicts a Command/Service Module flying over the southeastern United States with Florida ( the launch point ) prominent .
Grissom was so frustrated with the inability of the training simulator engineers to keep up with the actual spacecraft changes , that he took a lemon from a tree by his house , and hung it on the simulator .
Accident Plugs-out test The January 27 , 1967 launch simulation was a " plugs-out " test to determine whether the spacecraft would operate nominally on ( simulated ) internal power while detached from all cables and umbilicals .
Passing this test was essential to making the February 21 launch date .
( The accident investigation found this odor not to be related in any way to the fire . )
The simulated countdown was held again at 5:40 pm while attempts were made to fix the problem .
The final voice transmission from the crew was very garbled . "
They ’re fighting a bad fire — let 's get out .
To avoid the possible appearance of a conflict of interest , NASA Administrator James E. Webb got the approval of President Lyndon Johnson for an internal NASA investigation , and notified appropriate leaders of Congress .
According to the Board , Grissom suffered severe third degree burns on over a third of his body and his spacesuit was mostly destroyed .
This weak point in the wiring also ran near a junction in an ethylene glycol / water cooling line which had been prone to leaks .
The MIT investigators found sufficient energy for ignition discharged repeatedly when crew-members shifted in their seats and then touched the spacecraft 's aluminum panels .
In the February 27 hearing , Senator Walter F. Mondale asked Webb if he knew of a " report " of extraordinary problems with the performance of North American Aviation on the Apollo contract .
Mueller and Phillips responded they too were unaware of any such " report " .
Each year the families of the Apollo 1 crew are invited to the site for a memorial , and the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Center includes the site in its tour of the historic Cape Canaveral launch sites .

The Apollo 10 crew reached the farthest point in their orbit around the far side of the Moon at approximately the same time Earth had rotated around putting Houston nearly a full Earth diameter away .
All other ascent stages were either left in lunar orbit to eventually crash , intentionally steered into the Moon to obtain readings from seismometers placed on the lunar surface , or else burned up in Earth 's atmosphere .
After Apollo 10 , NASA required astronauts to choose more " dignified " names for their command and lunar module .
Although it did not land on the moon , the prominence of the number represents the significant contributions the mission made to the Apollo program .
jpg | Apollo 10 during rollout Image : Apollo_10_Prime_Crew _ - _ GPN-2000-001501 .
jpg | Lunar Module about to rendezvous with the Command Module Image : Apollo_10_Helicopter_Recovery _ - _ GPN-2000-001143 .
Apollo 12 was the sixth manned flight in the United States Apollo program and the second to land on the Moon ( an H type mission ) .
It was the first rocket launch attended by an incumbent US president , Richard Nixon .
They were unable to maintain normal 28V DC bus voltages into the heavy 75 amp launch loads .
These power supply problems lit nearly every warning light on the control panel and caused much of the instrumentation to malfunction .
Legendary EECOM John Aaron ( the original NASA " steely eyed missile man " ) remembered the telemetry failure pattern from an earlier test when a power supply malfunctioned in the CSM Signal Conditioning Equipment ( SCE ) .
The lightning strikes had caused no serious permanent damage .
The S-IVB auxiliary propulsion system was fired and the remaining propellants vented to slow it down to fly past the Moon 's trailing edge ( the Apollo spacecraft always approached the Moon 's leading edge ) .
Landing The Apollo 12 mission landed on an area of the Ocean of Storms that had been visited earlier by several unmanned missions ( Luna 5 , Surveyor 3 , and Ranger 7 ) .
The second lunar landing was an exercise in precision targeting , using a Doppler effect radar technique developed to allow the pinpoint landings needed for future Apollo missions .
This was the first — and , to date , only — occasion in which humans have " caught up " to a probe sent to land on another world .
Man , that may have been a small one for Neil , but that 's a long one for me . "
Conrad and Bean removed pieces of the probe to be taken back to Earth for analysis .
Return Intrepid 's ascent stage was dropped ( per normal procedures ) after Conrad and Bean rejoined Gordon in orbit .
After recovery by the USS Hornet , they were flown to Pago Pago International Airport in Tafuna for a reception , before being flown on a C-141 cargo plane to Honolulu .
While Shepard and Mitchell were on the surface , Roosa remained in lunar orbit aboard the Command/Service Module , performing scientific experiments and photographing the Moon .
As of 2012 , Mitchell is the only surviving member of the crew ; Roosa died in 1994 from pancreatitis and Shepard in 1998 from leukemia .
Repeated attempts to dock went on for 1 hour and 42 minutes , until it was suggested that pilot Roosa hold Kitty Hawk against Antares using its thrusters , then the docking probe would be retracted out of the way , hopefully triggering the docking latches .
NASA believed that the computer might be getting erroneous readings like this if a tiny ball of solder had shaken loose and was floating between the switch and the contact , closing the circuit .
Shepard then manually landed the LM closer to its intended target than any of the other six moon landing missions .
This feature was included on Jim Lovell 's Apollo 13 suit , however because no landing was made on that mission , Apollo 14 was the first to make use of it .
The astronauts also engaged in less serious activities on the Moon .
After recovery by the ship USS New Orleans , the crew was flown to Pago Pago International Airport in Tafuna for a reception before being flown on a C-141 cargo plane to Honolulu .
Spacecraft location The Apollo 14 Command Module Kitty Hawk is on display at the Saturn V Center building at KSC after being on display at the Astronaut Hall of Fame near Titusville , Florida for several years .
The ascent stage of Lunar Module Antares impacted the Moon 7 February 1971 at 00:45:25.7 UT ( 6 February , 7:45 PM EST ) .
Photographs taken in 2009 by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter were released on July 17 , and the Fra Mauro equipment was the most visible Apollo hardware at that time , owing to particularly good lighting conditions .
ogg | Shepard and Mitchell erect a US flag on the lunar surface .
png | Later photo of landing site taken by LRO .

It was the first of what were termed " J missions " , long stays on the Moon , with a greater focus on science than had been possible on previous missions .
The mission was the first not to land in a lunar mare , instead landing near Hadley rille , in an area of the Mare Imbrium called Palus Putredinus ( Marsh of Decay ) .
At first Silver would take the prime and backup crews to various geological sites in Arizona and New Mexico as if for a normal field geology lesson , but as launch time approached , these trips became more realistic .
After unloading the Lunar Roving Vehicle ( LRV ) , the two drove to the first moonwalk 's primary destination , Elbow Crater , along the edge of Hadley Rille .
After conducting soil-mechanics experiments and erecting a U.S. flag , Scott and Irwin returned to the LM .
Hardware Spacecraft Apollo 15 used Command/Service Module CSM-112 , which was given the callsign Endeavour , named after the HM Bark Endeavour and Lunar Module LM-10 , callsign Falcon , named after the United States Air Force Academy mascot .
Lunar Rover The Lunar Roving Vehicle , or Rover , had been in development since May 1969 , with the contract awarded to Boeing .
It could be folded into a space 5 ft by 20 in ( 1.5 m by 0.5 m ) .
A basic requirement was that the satellite acquire fields and particle data everywhere on the orbit around the Moon .
The rocket was launched in a more southerly direction ( 80 – 100 degrees azimuth ) and the Earth parking orbit lowered to 166 km ( 90 nautical miles ) above the Earth 's surface .
Scott told mission control he was doing some clean up activities around the rover so they would n't know what he was doing .
ogg | '' ' Hammer and Feather Drop '' ' - Scott demonstrates that Galileo was right .
( 2.81 MB , ogg / Theora format ) .
Image : Cylcotron beam experiment at LBNL for apollo space program eye flash investigations .
Depiction in popular culture Portions of the Apollo 15 mission are dramatized in the miniseries From the Earth to the Moon episode entitled " Galileo was Right " .
On the surface , Young and Duke collected of lunar samples for return to Earth , while Command Module Pilot Ken Mattingly orbited in the Command/Service Module above to perform observations .
Apollo 14 had visited and sampled a ridge of material that had been ejected by the impact that created the Imbrium impact basin .
Following the decision , the Alphonsus site was considered the most likely candidate for Apollo 17 , but was rejected .
The specific landing site was between two young impact craters , North and South Ray craters — and in diameter , respectively — which provided " natural drill holes " which penetrated through the lunar regolith at the site , thus leaving exposed bedrock that could be sampled by the crew .
This was the first launch delay in the Apollo program due to a technical problem .
This , along with a dexterity issue in Young 's spacesuit and fluctuations in the capacity of the Lunar Module batteries , required investigation and trouble-shooting .
The astronauts underwent their final preflight physical examination on April 11 .
Following transposition and docking , the crew noticed the exterior surface of the Lunar Module was giving off particles from a spot where the LM 's skin appeared torn or shredded ; at one point , Duke estimated they were seeing about five to ten particles per second .
By the time mission control issued the wake-up call to the crew for flight day two , the spacecraft was about away from the Earth , traveling at about .
At an altitude of about , Young was able to view the landing site in its entirety .
Young descended the ladder and , upon setting foot on the lunar surface , became the ninth human to walk on the Moon .
Highland plains .
It was there that Young retrieved , at the request of mission control , the largest rock returned by an Apollo mission , a breccia nicknamed Big Muley after mission geology principal investigator Bill Muehlberger .
At that point , scientists began to reconsider their pre-mission hypothesis that Descartes had been the setting of ancient volcanic activity , as the two astronauts had yet to find any volcanic material .
After preparations for the day 's moonwalk were completed , the astronauts climbed out of the Lunar Module .
About 1 hour and 22 minutes after arriving , they departed for station 13 , a large boulder field about from North Ray .
Return to Earth Eight minutes before departing the lunar surface , capsule communicator ( CAPCOM ) James Irwin notified Young and Duke from mission control that they were go for liftoff .
Because of a failure by the crew to activate a certain switch in the LM before sealing it off , it initially tumbled after separation and did not execute the rocket burn necessary for the craft 's intentional de-orbit .
While outside of the spacecraft , Mattingly set up a biological experiment , the Microbial Ecology Evaluation Device ( MEED ) .
The penultimate day of the flight was largely spent performing experiments , aside from a twenty-minute press conference during the second half of the day .
During the press conference , the astronauts answered questions pertaining to several technical and non-technical aspects of the mission prepared and listed by priority at the Manned Spacecraft Center in Houston by journalists covering the flight .
Just over three hours before splashdown in the Pacific Ocean , the crew performed a final course correction burn , changing their velocity by .
As the orbit kept changing , PFS-2 backed off again , until it seemed to be a safe 30 miles away .
Spacecraft locations The aircraft carrier USS Ticonderoga delivered the Apollo 16 command module to the North Island Naval Air Station , near San Diego , California on Friday , May 5 , 1972 .
In 2006 , shortly after Hurricane Ernesto affected Bath , North Carolina , eleven year-old Kevin Schanze discovered a piece of metal debris on the ground near his beach home .

Apollo 17 was the final mission of the United States ' Apollo lunar landing program , and was the sixth landing of humans on the Moon .
After Apollo 17 , extra Apollo spacecraft were used in the Skylab and Apollo – Soyuz Test Project programs .
Cernan , Evans , and Schmitt returned to Earth on December 19 after an approximately 12-day mission .
The image of Apollo in the mission insignia is a rendering of the Apollo Belvedere sculpture .
Scientists would then use this data to gather information about the geological substructure of the landing site and the surrounding vicinity .
A total of twenty-six measurements were taken with the TGE during the mission 's three moonwalks , with productive results .
As part of the Apollo Lunar Surface Experiments Package , the astronauts also deployed the Lunar Surface Gravimeter , a similar experiment , which ultimately failed to function properly .
These flashes , while not observed on the lunar surface , would average about two per minute and were observed by the crew members during the trip out to the Moon , back to Earth , and in lunar orbit .
The electrical properties of the lunar soil could be determined by comparison of the transmitted and received electrical signals .
At approximately 2:47 PM EST on December 10 , the Service Propulsion System engine on the Command/Service Module ignited to slow down the CSM / Lunar Module stack into lunar orbit .
The first task of the first lunar excursion was to offload the Lunar Roving Vehicle and other equipment from the Lunar Module .
They collected of samples , deployed three more explosive packages and took seven gravimeter measurements .
Before reentering the LM for the final time , Gene Cernan expressed his thoughts : Cernan then followed Schmitt into the Lunar Module after spending approximately seven hours and 15 minutes outside during the mission 's final lunar excursion .
Depiction of mission in fiction Portions of the Apollo 17 mission are dramatized in the miniseries From the Earth to the Moon episode entitled " Le Voyage dans la Lune " .
Eugene Cernan is visible reflected in Schmitt 's helmet visor .
ogg | Apollo 17 's Lunar Module blasts off and leaves the Moon .
[[1973]]
In this article , inhabitants of the Thirteen Colonies of British America that supported the American Revolution are primarily referred to as " Americans , " with occasional references to " Patriots , " " Whigs , " " Rebels " or " Revolutionaries . "
After a British army was captured by the American army at Saratoga , the French balanced naval power by entering the war in 1778 as allies of the United States .
A combined American-French force captured a second British army at Yorktown in 1781 , effectively ending the war .
( See Second Continental Congress and Congress of the Confederation . )
In terms of writing state and national constitutions , the Americans heavily used Montesquieu 's analysis of the wisdom of the " balanced " British Constitution .
Benjamin Franklin testified in Parliament that Americans already contributed heavily to the defense of their portion of the Empire , the local governments raising , clothing and paying nearly twenty-five thousand men , and spending many millions from American treasuries doing so in the French and Indian War alone .
On the other hand , the colonists felt the heavy military presence as an unwelcome burden in other ways besides taxation .
In 1764 Parliament enacted the Sugar Act and the Currency Act , further vexing the colonists .
The following year , the British enacted the Quartering Acts , which required British soldiers to be quartered at the expense of residents in certain areas .
Although the soldiers were tried and acquitted ( defended by John Adams ) , the widespread descriptions soon became propaganda to turn colonial sentiment against the British .
A total of about 7000 to 8000 Patriots served on " Committees of Correspondence " at the colonial and local levels , comprising most of the leadership in their communities — the Loyalists were excluded .
Class and psychology of the factions Looking back , John Adams concluded in 1818 : In terms of class , Loyalists tended to have longstanding social and economic connections to British merchants and government ; for instance , prominent merchants in major port cities such as New York , Boston and Charleston tended to be Loyalists , as did men involved with the fur trade along the northern frontier .
Older and better established men , Loyalists tended to resist innovation .
In the last 50 years , historians have largely abandoned that interpretation , emphasizing instead the high level of ideological unity .
Just as there were rich and poor Loyalists , the Patriots were a ' mixed lot ' , with the richer and better educated more likely to become officers in the Army .
William Franklin , son of Benjamin Franklin and governor of the Province of New Jersey , remained Loyal to the Crown throughout the war ; he never spoke to his father again .
Some , such as Samuel Seabury , became prominent American leaders .
The British freed slaves of rebels who joined them .
Women had to return to knitting goods , and to spinning and weaving their own cloth — skills that had fallen into disuse .
Other participants France In early 1776 , France set up a major program of aid to the Americans , and the Spanish secretly added funds .
Each country spent one million " livres tournaises " to buy munitions .
The great majority of the 200,000 Native Americans east of the Mississippi distrusted the colonists and supported the British cause , hoping to forestall continued colonial encroachment on their territories .
They evacuated and resettled more than 3,000 " Black Loyalist s " from New York to Nova Scotia , Upper and Lower Canada .
Many of their descendants still live in Sierra Leone , as well as other African countries .
Numerous slaveholders in the Upper South took advantage of the changes : the proportion of free blacks went from less than one percent before the war to more than 10 percent overall by 1810 .
King George III refused to receive it , issuing instead the Proclamation of Rebellion , requiring action against the " traitors " .
In March 1776 , with George Washington as the commander of the new army , the Continental Army forced the British to evacuate Boston .
Therefore no Americans were put on trial for treason .
One partial solution was to rely on volunteer support from militiamen , and donations from patriotic citizens .
Congress made two issues of paper money , in 1775 – 1780 , and in 1780 – 81 .
Debtors benefited by paying off their debts with depreciated paper .
Starting in 1776 , the Congress sought to raise money by loans from wealthy individuals , promising to redeem the bonds after the war .
When France officially entered the war in 1778 , the subsidies continued , and the French government , as well as bankers in Paris and Amsterdam loaned large sums to the American war effort .
The Declaration of Independence , drafted largely by Thomas Jefferson and presented by the committee , was slightly revised and unanimously adopted by the entire Congress on July 4 , marking the formation of a new sovereign nation , which called itself the United States of America .
After the Battle of Brooklyn , the British requested a meeting with representatives from Congress to negotiate an end to hostilities .
The British then quickly seized New York City and nearly captured General Washington .
The British also took New Jersey , pushing the Continental Army into Pennsylvania .
In 1777 , as part of a grand strategy to end the war , the British sent an invasion force from Canada to seal off New England , which the British perceived as the primary source of agitators .
On February 6 , 1778 , a Treaty of Amity and Commerce and a Treaty of Alliance were signed between the United States and France .
The American theater thus became only one front in Britain 's war .
After an inconclusive engagement , the British successfully retreated to New York City .
Yorktown 1781 The British army under Cornwallis marched to Yorktown , Virginia where they expected to be rescued by a British fleet .
The crisis ended after 1784 thanks to the King 's shrewdness in outwitting Charles James Fox ( the leader of the Fox-North Coalition ) , and renewed confidence in the system engendered by the leadership of the new Prime Minister , William Pitt .
It adopted a new Constitution that provided for a much stronger federal government , including an effective executive in a check-and-balance system with the judiciary and legislature .
Everyone received face value for wartime certificates , so that the national honor would be sustained and the national credit established .
The rights of the people were incorporated into state constitutions .
Aftershocks reached Ireland in the Irish Rebellion of 1798 , in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth , and in the Netherlands .
The American Declaration of Independence influenced the French Declaration of the Rights of Man and the Citizen of 1789 .
The spirit of the Declaration of Independence led to laws ending slavery in all the Northern states and the Northwest Territory , with New Jersey the last in 1804 — long before the British Parliament acted in 1833 to abolish slavery in its colonies .
His mother Irene Worley ( " Lolly " ) was a writer of short stories who published under the name " Mary James " .
Like his mother , neither he nor Christine sought a divorce for the next thirty years and it was only in 1997 that they formally divorced ; Ayckbourn married Heather Stoney .
There has only been one biography , written by Paul Allen , and this primarily covers his career in the theatre .
It has been suggested that , after Ayckbourn himself , the person who is used the most in his plays is his mother , particularly as Susan in Woman in Mind ( 1985 ) .
In the biography , Paul Allen wrote , regarding a suggestion in Cosmopolitan that his plays were becoming autobiographical : " If we take that to mean that his plays tell his own life story , he still has n't started . "
After thirty-four appearances in plays at the Library Theatre , including four of his own , in 1962 Ayckbourn moved to Stoke-on-Trent to help set up the Victoria Theatre , ( now the New Vic ) , where he appeared in a further eighteen plays .
His final appearance in one of his own plays was as the Crimson Gollywog in the disastrous children 's play Christmas v Mastermind .
By now , his career as a writer was coming to fruition , and his acting career was sidelined .
His fortunes began to revive in 1963 with Mr. Whatnot , again premièring at the Victoria Theatre .
Recently , scholars have begun to view Ayckbourn as an important commentator on the lifestyles of the British suburb an middle class , and as a stylistic innovator who experiments with theatrical styles within the boundaries set by popular tastes .
Despite his success , honours and awards ( which include a prestigious Laurence Olivier Award ) , Alan Ayckbourn remains a relatively anonymous figure dedicated to regional theatre .
After suffering a stroke , there was uncertainly as to whether he could continue to write ( the Ayckbourn play premièred immediately after the stroke , If I Were You , was written before his illness ) , but his first play written afterwards , Life and Beth , was premièred in the summer of 2008 .
Directing Although Alan Ayckbourn is best known as a writer , it is said that he only spends 10 % of his time writing plays .
The three plays became four , and were : Tons of Money by Will Evans and Valentine , with adaptations by Ayckbourn ( Lyttelton ) , Arthur Miller 's A View From the Bridge ( Cottesloe ) , his own A Small Family Business ( Olivier ) and John Ford 's ' Tis Pity She 's a Whore ( Olivier again ) .
During the pair 's 79.91-year orbit about a common center , the distance between them varies from about that between Pluto and the Sun to that between Saturn and the Sun .
The separation of Proxima from Alpha Centauri AB is about 0.06 parsec s , 0.2 light years or 13,000 astronomical unit s ( AU ) ; equivalent to 400 times the size of Neptune 's orbit .
Orbiting at a distance of 6 million kilometers from the star , 4 % of the distance of the Earth to the Sun and a tenth of the distance between Mercury and the Sun , the planet has an estimated surface temperature of 1500 K ( roughly 1200 ° C ) , too hot to be habitable .
This is known as the Alpha Centauri AB system , which is abbreviated as α Centauri AB or α Cen AB .
Alpha Centauri B is about 90 % the mass of the Sun and 14 % smaller in radius .
Both stars , including Crux , are too far south to be visible for mid-latitude northern observers .
Others , like the Belgian astronomer D. Pourbaix ( 2002 ) , have regularly refined the precision of any new published orbital elements .
For this reason , Alpha Centauri is considered as the second star to have its distance measured because it was not formally recognized first .
Viewed from Earth , the apparent orbit of this binary star means that the separation and position angle ( P.A. ) are in continuous change throughout the projected orbit .
In the true orbit , closest approach or periastron was in August 1955 , and next in May 2035 .
Such motions define the high - proper-motion stars .
Halley 's positional comparison was Ptolemy 's catalogue of stars contained in the Almagest whose original data included portions from an earlier catalog by Hipparchos during the .
The Alpha Centauri system will then begin to move away from the Solar System , showing a positive radial velocity .
Because icy bodies probably also reside in Oort cloud s of other planetary systems , when they are influenced gravitationally by either the gas giants or disruptions by passing nearby stars many of these icy bodies then travel starwards .
However , the SIM mission was cancelled due to financial issues in 2010 .
View from a hypothetical planet An observer on a hypothetical planet orbiting around either Alpha Centauri A or Alpha Centauri B would see the other star of the binary system as an intensely bright object in the night sky , showing a small but discernible disk .
The difference of 5.7 to 8.6 magnitudes means Alpha Centauri B would appear , on a linear scale , 2500 to 190 times dimmer than Alpha Centauri A ( or the Sun viewed from the Earth ) , but also 190 to 2500 times brighter than the − 12.5 magnitude full Moon as seen from the Earth .
Although intensely bright to the eye , the overall illumination would not significantly affect climate nor influence normal plant photosynthesis .
The form in Wotjobaluk is Bram-bram-bult .
Since the demise of Commodore , various groups have marketed successors to the original Amiga line , including Genesi , Eyetech , ACube Systems and A-EON Technology , and AmigaOS has influenced replacements , clones and compatible systems such as MorphOS , AmigaOS 4 and AROS .
It was initially intended to be a next generation video game machine , but was redesigned as a general purpose computer after the North American video game crash of 1983 .
Later Amiga models featured full 32-bit CPUs with a larger address space and instruction pipeline facilities .
Most Amiga models can be upgraded either by direct CPU replacement or through expansion boards .
In 1988 the release of the Amiga A2024 fixed-frequency monochrome monitor with built-in framebuffer and flicker fixer hardware provided the Amiga with a choice of high-resolution graphic modes ( 1024 × 800 for NTSC and 1024 × 1024 for PAL ) .
ReTargetable Graphics ReTargetable Graphics is an API for device driver s mainly used by 3rd party graphics hardware to interface with AmigaOS via a set of libraries .
Amiga intuition . library is limited to display depths of 8-bits but RTG libraries makes is possible to handle higher depths like 24-bits .
The brightness of the Amiga 's power LED is used to indicate the status of the Amiga 's low-pass filter .
Kickstart firmware Kickstart is the firmware upon which AmigaOS is bootstrap ped .
In PAL countries , the OpalVision card was popular , although less featured and supported than the Video Toaster . Low-cost time base correctors ( TBC ) specifically designed to work with the Toaster quickly came to market , most of which were designed as standard Amiga bus cards .
Various manufacturers started producing PCI busboards for the A1200 and A4000 , allowing standard Amiga computers to use PCI cards such as Voodoo graphic cards , Sound Blaster sound cards , 10/100 Ethernet cards , and TV tuner cards .
They are , in order of appearance : 1000 , 2000 , 500 , 1500 , 2500 , 3000 , 3000UX , 3000T , CDTV , 500 + , 600 , 4000 , 1200 , CD32 , and 4000T .
Following the A1000 , Commodore updated the desktop line of Amiga computers with the Amiga 2000 in 1987 , the Amiga 3000 in 1990 , and the Amiga 4000 in 1992 , each offering improved capabilities and expansion options . However , the best selling models were the budget models , particularly the highly successful Amiga 500 ( 1987 ) and the Amiga 1200 ( 1992 ) .
Currently runs on both Amigas equipped with CyberstormPPC or BlizzardPPC accelerator boards , on the Teron series based AmigaOne computers built by Eyetech under license by Amiga Inc , on the Pegasos II from Genesi / bPlan GmbH , on the Acube Systems Sam440ep / Sam460ex / AmigaOne 500 systems and on the A-EON AmigaOne X1000 .
Due to the nature of some provisions of the contract between Amiga Inc. and Hyperion Entertainment ( the Belgian company which is developing the OS ) , the commercial AmigaOS 4 had been available only to licensed buyers of AmigaOne motherboards .
Version 4.1 was released in August 2008 for AmigaOne systems , and in May 2011 for Amigas equipped with PowerUP accelerator boards .
The most recent release of AmigaOS for all supported platforms is 4.1 update 5 .
Amiga hardware clones Long-time Amiga developer MacroSystem entered the Amiga-clone market with their DraCo non-linear video editing system .
In 1998 , Index Information released the Access , an Amiga-clone similar to the Amiga 1200 , but on a motherboard which could fit into a standard 5 ¼ " drive bay .
It features either a 68020 or 68030 CPU , with a redesigned AGA chipset , and runs AmigaOS 3.1 .
In 1998 , former Amiga employees ( John Smith , Peter Kittel , Dave Haynie and Andy Finkel to mention few ) formed new company called PIOS .
The developers also recreated the entire Amiga chipset , freeing it from Classic Amiga legacy limitations such as two megabytes of audio and video graphics RAM as in the AGA chipset , and rebuilt this new chipset by programming a modern FPGA Altera Cyclone IV chip .
The Minimig core has been ported to the FPGArcade " Replay " board .
As of mid 2007 it has been shown in its development form , with FPGA-based boards replacing the Amiga chipset and mounted on an Amiga 500 motherboard .
In 2011 by ArcadeRetroGaming , called the Multiple Classic Computer , which emulates the Commodore 64 .
Support for Amiga software is planned .
As a result , early emulators did not always achieve the intended results though later emulator versions can now accurately reproduce the behavior of Amiga systems .
Operating systems AmigaOS AmigaOS is a single-user multitasking operating system .
This was because the 68000 CPU does not include a memory management unit and therefore there is no way to enforce protection of memory .
Unix and Unix-like systems Commodore-Amiga produced Amiga Unix , informally known as Amix , based on AT&T SVR4 .
Emulating other systems The Amiga is able to emulate other computer platforms ranging from many 8-bit systems such as the Sinclair ZX Spectrum , Commodore 64 , Nintendo Game Boy , Nintendo Entertainment System , Apple II and the TRS-80 .
Throughout the 1980s and early 1990s Commodore primarily placed advertising in computer magazines and occasionally in national newspapers and on television .
Legacy Since the demise of Commodore , various groups have marketed successors to the original Amiga line : AmigaOS and MorphOS are commercial proprietary operative systems .
it , a bi-monthly magazine in Italian ; and AmigaPower , a long-running French magazine .
[[1986]]
A few contractile vacuoles around the periphery of the cell expel excess water , and are visible as clear bulges when full .
Reproduction takes place by fission , with open mitosis .
While encysted it may undergo a peculiar process of autogamy or self-fertilization , where it goes through meiosis and divides to form two gametes , which then fuse together again .
The axopods are supported by microtubule s arranged in a unique and characteristic double-coil pattern .
Other heliozoa where the microtubules arise from the nucleus have been considered possible relatives , and it now appears that the actinophryids developed from axodine s such as Pedinella .
These are specialized heterokont algae , related to golden alga e , diatom s , brown alga e , and the like , which have microtubule-supported tentacles .
His navigator François Visscher , and his merchant Isaack Gilsemans , mapped substantial portions of Australia , New Zealand and some Pacific Islands .
Beach and Terra Australis Beach appeared on maps of the time , notably that of Abraham Ortelius of 1570 and that of Jan Huygen van Linschoten of 1596 , as the northernmost part of the southern continent , the Terra Australis , along with Locach .
Because of the prevailing winds Mauritius was chosen as a turning point .
Tasman then landed in Blackman Bay – in the larger Marion Bay .
Tasman named it Staten Landt on the assumption that it was connected to an island ( Staten Island , Argentina ) at the south of the tip of South America .
The map is also reproduced in the marble floor of the Mitchell Library entry foyer .
Sources See also References External links

[[1994]]
Basic questions involve the study of the points of special interest like the singular point s , the inflection point s and the points at infinity .
In the 20th century , algebraic geometry has split into several subareas .
For instance , the two-dimensional sphere in three-dimensional Euclidean space R3 could be defined as the set of all points ( x , y , z ) with A " slanted " circle in R3 can be defined as the set of all points ( x , y , z ) which satisfy the two polynomial equations Affine varieties First we start with a field k. In classical algebraic geometry , this field was always the complex numbers C , but many of the same results are true if we assume only that k is algebraically closed .
A function f : An → A1 is said to be polynomial ( or regular ) if it can be written as a polynomial , that is , if there is a polynomial p in k [ x1 , ... , xn ] such that f ( M ) = p ( t1 , ... , tn ) for every point M with coordinates ( t1 , ... , tn ) in An .
The property of a function to be polynomial ( or regular ) does not depend on the choice of a coordinate system in An .
In one of its forms , it says that I ( V ( S ) ) is the radical of the ideal generated by S. In more abstract language , there is a Galois connection , giving rise to two closure operator s ; they can be identified , and naturally play a basic role in the theory ; the example is elaborated at Galois connection .
Given an ideal I defining an algebraic set V : Gröbner basis computations do not allow to compute directly the primary decomposition of I nor the prime ideals defining the irreducible components of V , but most algorithms for this involve Gröbner basis computation .
Since 1973 , most of the research on this subject is devoted either to improve CAD or to find alternate algorithms in special cases of general interest .
Asymptotic complexity vs. practical efficiency The basic general algorithms of computational geometry have a double exponential worst case complexity .
One may cite counting the number of connected components , testing if two points are in the same components or computing a Whitney stratification of a real algebraic set .
This was done , for instance , by Ibn al-Haytham in the 10th century AD .
The French mathematicians Franciscus Vieta and later René Descartes and Pierre de Fermat revolutionized the conventional way of thinking about construction problems through the introduction of coordinate geometry .
In the 1950s and 1960s Jean-Pierre Serre and Alexander Grothendieck recast the foundations making use of sheaf theory .
An important class of varieties , not easily understood directly from their defining equations , are the abelian varieties , which are the projective varieties whose points form an abelian group .
One of the founding methods of this area is the theory of Gröbner bases , introduced by Bruno Buchberger in 1965 .
Located in Central Texas on the eastern edge of the American Southwest , Austin is the 13th most populous city in the United States of America and the fourth most populous city in the state of Texas .
After Republic of Texas Vice President Mirabeau B. Lamar visited the area during a buffalo - hunting expedition between 1837 and 1838 , he proposed that the republic 's capital then located in Houston , Texas , be relocated to the area situated on the north bank of the Colorado River near the present-day Ann W. Richards Congress Avenue Bridge .
In 1839 , the Texas Congress formed a commission to seek a site for a new capital to be named for Stephen F. Austin .
Mirabeau B. Lamar , second president of the newly formed Republic of Texas , advised the commissioners to investigate the area named Waterloo , noting the area 's hills , waterways , and pleasant surroundings .
The location was seen as a convenient crossroads for trade routes between Santa Fe and Galveston Bay , as well as routes between northern Mexico and the Red River .
The grid plan Waller designed and surveyed now forms the basis of downtown Austin .
The men and women who traveled mainly from Houston to conduct government business were intensely disappointed as well .
However , as the war progressed and fears of attack by Union forces increased , Austin contributed hundreds of men to the Confederate forces .
The postwar period saw dramatic population and economic growth .
During the 1880s , Austin gained new prominence as the state capitol building was completed in 1888 and claimed as the seventh largest building in the world .
In addition , the state legislature established the Lower Colorado River Authority ( LCRA ) that , along with the City of Austin , created the system of dams along the Colorado River to form the Highland Lakes .
These projects were enabled in large part because the Public Works Administration provided Austin with greater funding for municipal construction projects than other Texas cities .
It is also 160 miles south of Dallas .
Approximately of this area is water .
The soils of Austin range from shallow , gravelly clay loams over limestone in the western outskirts to deep , fine sandy loams , silty clay loams , silty clays or clays in the city 's eastern part .
Austin is usually at least partially sunny , receiving nearly 2650 hours , or 60.3 % of the possible total , of bright sunshine per year .
Highs reach on 116 days per year , and on 18 .
Monthly averages for Austin 's weather data are shown in a graphical format to the right , and in a more detailed tabular format below .
His second term ends in 2015 .
Austin also hosted one of the last presidential debates between Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton during their heated race for the Democratic nomination in 2008 .
An Online Trading Academy office and center is also located in Austin .
In addition to national and global corporations , Austin features a strong network of independent , unique , locally owned firms and organizations .
Austin is currently undergoing a skyscraper boom , which includes recent construction on the now complete 360 Condominiums at , Spring ( condominiums ) , the Austonian at , and several others that are mainly for residential use .
The towers are featured in the 1993 film Dazed and Confused .
Though it is an industry-based event , SXSW Music links locally with events such as the annual Austin Music Awards show .
This area is home to coffee shops , eccentric stores , restaurants , food trucks , trailers and festivals .
Every year around the end of March and the beginning of April , Austin is home to " Texas Relay Weekend . "
Austin 's music revolves around the many nightclub s on 6th Street and an annual film/music / interactive festival known as South by Southwest ( SXSW ) .
The Austin Symphony Orchestra performs a range of classical , pop and family performances and is led by Music Director and Conductor Peter Bay .
Austin has been the location for a number of motion pictures , partly due to the influence of The University of Texas at Austin Department of Radio-Television-Film .
The film review websites Spill.com and Ai n't It Cool News are based in Austin .
Austin also has numerous smaller special interest or sub-regional newspapers such as the Oak Hill Gazette , Westlake Picayune , Hill Country News , Round Rock Leader , NOKOA , and The Villager among others .
The Texas Observer , a muckraking biweekly political magazine , has been based in Austin for over five decades .
The Tribune is " user-supported " through donations , a business model similar to public radio .
Theater Austin has a strong theater culture , with dozens of itinerant and resident companies producing a variety of work .
Public art and performances in the parks and on bridges are popular .
Minor-league professional sports came to Austin in 1996 , when the Austin Ice Bats began playing at the Travis County Expo Center .
Austin is also the hometown of several cycling groups and the former seven-time Tour de France champion cyclist Lance Armstrong , as well as environmentally and economically minded bicycle commuter s. Combining these three disciplines is a growing crop of triathlons , including the Capital of Texas Triathlon held every Memorial Day on and around Lady Bird Lake , Auditorium Shores , and Downtown Austin .
Circuit of the Americas will also play host to MotoGP World Championships from 2013 .
Austin is also considered the birthplace of all-women 's flat track roller derby .
Locally produced art is featured at the South Austin Museum of Popular Culture .
The Ann W. Richards Congress Avenue Bridge houses the world 's largest urban population of Mexican Free-tailed Bat s. Starting in March , up to 1.5 million bats take up residence inside the bridge 's expansion and contraction zones as well as in long horizontal grooves running the length of the bridge 's underside , an environment ideally suited for raising their young .
Both range in temperature from about during the winter to about during the summer .
Activities include rockclimbing , kayaking , swimming , exploring , and hiking along the greenbelt , a long-spanning area that runs through the city .
In the mid-1980s , construction was completed on Loop 360 , a scenic highway that curves through the hill country from near the 71/Mopac interchange in the south to near the 183/Mopac interchange in the north .
Tollways State Highway 130 is a bypass route designed to relieve traffic congestion , starting from Interstate 35 just north of Georgetown and running along a parallel route to the east , where it bypasses Round Rock , Austin , San Marcos and New Braunfels before ending at Interstate 10 east of Seguin , where drivers could drive west to return to Interstate 35 in San Antonio .
Intercity bus service Greyhound Lines operates the Austin Station at 916 East Koenig Lane , just east of Airport Boulevard and adjacent to Highland Mall .
The Turimex station is located at 5012 East 7th Street , near Shady Lane .
Megabus offers daily service to Dallas/Ft Worth and Houston .
An Amtrak Texas Eagle station is located west of downtown .
Over 43 percent of Austin residents age 25 and over hold a bachelor 's degree , while 16 percent hold a graduate degree .
Higher education Austin is home to the University of Texas at Austin , the flagship institution of the University of Texas System with over 38,000 undergraduate students and 12,000 graduate students .
UT has annual research expenditures of over $ 640 million and has the highest-ranked business , engineering , and law programs of any university in the state of Texas .

Many arguments from morality are based on morality normativity , which suggest that objective moral truths exist and require God 's existence to give them authority .
Philosopher G. H. R. Parkinson notes a common objection to Kant 's argument : that what ought to be done does not necessarily entail that it is possible .
Nichola Everitt argues that much moral guidance is unattainable , such as the Biblical command to be Christ-like .
This account , supported by biologist E. O. Wilson and philosopher Michael Ruse , proposes that the human experience of morality is a by-product of natural selection , a theory philosopher Mark D. Linville calls evolutionary naturalism .
No human society today advocates immorality , such as theft or murder , because it would undoubtedly lead to the end of that particular society and any chance for future survival of offspring .
Scottish empiricist David Hume made a similar argument , that belief in objective moral truths is unwarranted and to discuss them is meaningless .
Despite this , Lewis argued , those who accept evolutionary naturalism still act as if objective moral truths exist , lead Lewis to reject it as impractical .

Auschwitz had for a long time been a German name for Oświęcim , the town by and around which the camps were located ; the name " Auschwitz " was made the official name again by the Nazis after they invaded Poland in September 1939 .
Auschwitz II – Birkenau was designated by Reichsführer-SS Heinrich Himmler , the Third Reich 's Minister of the Interior , as the place of the " final solution of the Jewish question in Europe " .
On January 27 , 1945 , Auschwitz was liberated by Soviet troops , a day commemorated around the world as International Holocaust Remembrance Day .
Auschwitz III-Monowitz served as a labor camp for the Buna-Werke factory of the IG Farben concern .
The SS-Totenkopfverbände ( SS-TV ) was the SS organization responsible for administering the Nazi concentration camps for the Third Reich .
Yisrael Gutman writes that it was in the concentration camps that Hitler 's concept of absolute power came to fruition .
Rudolf Höss would oversee the development of the camp and serve as the first commandant , SS-Obersturmführer Josef Kramer was appointed Höss 's deputy .
All inmates had to work in the associated arms factories , except on Sundays , which were reserved for cleaning and showering .
Auschwitz II-Birkenau Construction on Auschwitz II-Birkenau , the extermination camp , began in October 1941 to ease congestion at the main camp .
Crematoria IV and V , designed from the start as gassing centers , were also constructed that spring .
Various other German industrial enterprises built factories with their own subcamps , such as Siemens-Schuckert 's Bobrek subcamp , close to Monowitz in order to profit from the use of slave labor .
Monowitz was built as an arbeitslager ( workcamp ) , it also contained a " ArbeitsausbildungLager " ( Labor Education Camp ) " for non-Jewish prisoners perceived not up to par with German work standards .
Monowitz prisoners were leased out by the SS to IG Farben to labor at the Buna-Werke , a collection of chemical factories including those used to manufacture Buna ( synthetic rubber ) and synthetic oil .
Those deemed unfit for work were gassed at Birkenau or sent " to Birkenau " ( nach Birkenau ) , according to a euphemism used in I.G. Farben record books .
The command personnel of Auschwitz , who lived on site and ran the camp complex , were all members of the SS-Totenkopfverbande , or the SS-TV .
Internal camp order was under the authority of another SS group , answering directly to the Camp Commander through officers known by the title Lagerführer .
Auschwitz also maintained a motor pool as well as an arsenal from which all the SS personnel would draw weapons and ammunition , although several of the SS were known to purchase their own handguns and pistols .
Auschwitz II-Birkenau claimed more victims than any other German extermination camp , despite coming into use after all the others .
In one failed attempt to muffle the noise , two motorcycle engines were revved up to full throttle nearby , but the sound of yelling could be heard over the engines .
The belongings of the arrivals were seized by the SS and sorted in an area of the camp called " Canada , " so-called because Canada was seen as a land of plenty .
If a prisoner were missing , the others had to remain standing in place until he were either found or the reason for his absence discovered , even if it took hours , regardless of the weather conditions .
After roll call , there were individual and collective punishments , depending on what had happened during the day , and after these , the prisoners were allowed to retire to their blocks for the night to receive their bread rations and water .
Due to a typhus epidemic , the candidates chosen for the skeleton collection were quarantine d in order to prevent them from becoming ill and ruining their value as anatomical specimens ; from a letter written by Sievers in June 1943 : " Altogether 115 persons were worked on , 79 were Jews , 30 were Jewesses , 2 were Poles , and 4 were Asiatics .
Brandt and Sievers would be indicted , tried and convicted in the Doctors ' Trial in Nuremberg .
Writers included the Communist Party member Bruno Baum .
He escaped on the night of April 26 – 27 , 1943 , but his plan was not accepted by the Home Army as the Allies considered his reports about the Holocaust exaggerated .
Lastly , a Polish report in 1946 by Dr Philip Friedman and Tadeusz discovered the use of a gas – van at Auschwitz , used to liquidate people sentenced to death by the special police court , which convened throughout the war at Auschwitz . "
These buildings had undressing and gas chambers underground . "
The fates of 331 of the escapees are still unknown .
Jaster carried with him a report about conditions in the camp , written by Witold Pilecki .
While under interrogation Rudolf Höss , commandant of Auschwitz concentration camp from 1940 to 1943 , said that Adolf Eichmann told him that two and a half million Jews had been killed in gas chambers and about half a million had died " naturally " .
Even Auschwitz had limits to its destructive possibilities " .
That explains the " missing rubble " argument brought up by Holocaust deniers .
The camp is on the list of UNESCO World Heritage Site s. The ashes of the victims were scattered between the huts , and the entire area is regarded as a grave site .
The thieves unscrewed the sign at one end and broke it off its mountings at the other end , then carried the sign 300 metres to a hole in the concrete wall , where they cut four metal bars blocking the opening .
After the theft , authorities replaced the stolen sign with a replica , which was originally made to replace the original sign while it was being restored some years earlier .
jpg | Interior of the gas chamber of Auschwitz I File : Crematorium at Auschwitz I 2012 .
In the Levant , artifacts which may be arrow-shaft straighteners are known from the Natufian culture , ( c. 12,800 – 10,300 BP ( before present ) ) onwards .
Archery was highly developed in Asia .
Central Asian tribesmen ( after the domestication of the horse ) and American Plains Indians ( after gaining access to horses ) thus became extremely adept at archery on horseback .
However , the bow and arrow is still an effective form of violence , and archers have seen action in the 21st century .
Traditional archery remains in use for sport , and for hunting in many areas .
The Pope and Young Club , founded in 1961 and named in honor of Pope and his friend , Arthur Young , is one of North America 's leading bowhunting and conservation organizations .
In the 1980s , the skills of traditional archery were revived by American enthusiasts , and combined with the new scientific understanding .
As well as its emphasis on display and status , the sport was notable for its popularity with females .
Mechanically drawn bows typically have a stock or other mounting , such as the crossbow .
Today , arrows made up of composite materials are the most popular tournament arrows at Olympic Events , especially the Easton X10 and A/C/E .
Fletching is traditionally made from bird feathers .
They are attached near the nock ( rear ) end of the arrow with thin double sided tape , glue , or , traditionally , sinew .
Misplacement of fletchings can often change the arrow 's flight path dramatically .
Bow string Dacron and other modern materials offer high strength for their weight and are used on most modern bows .
The Navajo people have developed highly-ornamented bracers as non-functional items of adornment .
Therefore , if you were right eye dominant , you would hold the bow in the left hand , and draw the string with the right hand .
Not everybody agrees with this line of thought , though .
The back of the arrow is attached to the bowstring with the nock ( a small locking groove located at the proximal end of the arrow ) .
A compound bow is fitted with a special type of arrow rest , known as a launcher , and the arrow is usually loaded with the cock feather/vane pointed either up , or down , depending upon the type of launcher being used .
This is often one fluid motion for shooters of recurves and longbows which tends to vary from archer to archer , although for a compound shooter , there is often a slightly-jerky movement occurring during the drawback of the arrow at around midpoint where the draw weight is at its maximum , before relaxing into a comfortable stable full draw position .
They usually also have a peep sight ( rear sight ) built into the string which aids in a consistent anchor point .
This allows the archer to adjust aim with successive shots in order to achieve accuracy .
Even with a release aid mechanism some of this effect will usually be experienced , since the string always accelerates faster than the retaining part of the mechanism .
Because there is no arrow to receive the stored potential energy , all the energy stays in the bow .
Consequently , rotation creates an equalling of such turbulence , which , overall , maintains the intended direction of flight i.e. accuracy .
Bow hunting differs markedly from hunting with firearms , as the distances between the hunter and the game are much shorter in order to ensure a humane kill .
Using a bow and arrow to take fish is known as " bow fishing " .
A form particularly popular in Europe and America is field archery , shot at targets generally set at various distances in a wooded setting .
The Aaltos designed and built a joint house-office ( 1935 – 36 ) for themselves in Munkkiniemi , Helsinki , but later ( 1954 – 56 ) had a purpose-built office built in the same neighbourhood - the latter building nowadays houses the Alvar Aalto Academy .
Aino Aalto died of cancer in 1949 .
In 1952 Aalto designed and had built a summer cottage , the so-called Experimental House , for himself and his new wife in Muuratsalo in Central Finland .
His increased fame led to offers and commissions outside Finland .
Originally used in Baker House to signify the Ivy League university tradition , on his return to Finland Aalto used it in a number of key buildings , in particular , in several of the buildings in the new Helsinki University of Technology campus ( starting in 1950 ) , Säynatsalo Town Hall ( 1952 ) , Helsinki Pensions Institute ( 1954 ) , Helsinki House of Culture ( 1958 ) , as well as in his own summer house , the so-called Experimental House in Muuratsalo ( 1957 ) .
The Miesian formal language of geometric grids employed in the buildings was also used by Aalto for other sites in Helsinki , including the Enso-Gutzeit building ( 1962 ) , the Academic Bookstore ( 1962 ) and the SYP Bank building ( 1969 ) .
Finished in black lacquer , the stools are used to seat customers at the ' Genius Bar ' and also in other areas of the store at times when seating is required for a product workshop or special event .
The spoken forms of British English vary considerably , reflecting a long history of dialect development amid isolated populations .
Localized dialects also exist with quite distinct variations , such as in Southern Appalachia and New York .
For instance member nations of the Commonwealth where English is not spoken natively , such as India , often closely follow British English forms , while many American English usages are followed in other countries which have been historically influenced by the United States , such as the Philippines .
Often at the core of the dialect though , the idiosyncrasies remain .
The term the Government always takes a plural verb in British civil service convention , perhaps to emphasize the principle of cabinet collective responsibility .
The difference occurs for all nouns of multitude , both general terms such as team and company and proper nouns ( for example where a place name is used to refer to a sports team ) .
The differences most likely to create confusion are those where the same word or phrase is used for two different concepts .
This makes it easier to compare the dialects .
The word pants is a shortening of the archaic pantaloons , which shares the same source as the French for trousers , pantalon .
Frequency Social and cultural differences Lexical items that reflect separate social and cultural development .
An American parochial school covers costs through tuition and has affiliation with a religious institution , most often a Catholic church or diocese .
( In AmE , at some universities , the equivalent of the BrE lecturer is instructor , especially when the teacher has a lesser degree or no University degree , though the usage may become confusing according to whether the subject being taught is considered technical or not .
In the case of Oxford , Cambridge , Aberdeen , London , Lancaster , Durham , Kent and York universities , all members are also members of a college which is part of the university , for example , one is a member of Clare College , Cambridge and hence the University .
Professor " has different meanings in BrE and AmE .
In BrE it is the highest academic rank , followed by Reader , Senior Lecturer and Lecturer .
It is important that the context of either high school or college first be established or else it must be stated direct ( that is , She is a high school freshman .
Business/FinanceIn financial statements , what is referred to in AmE as revenue or sales is known in BrE as turnover .
Both also refer to slow and fast lanes ( even though all actual traffic speeds may be at or around the legal speed limit ) .
Finally the American English phrase " All aboard ! "
Units and measurement Numbers When saying or writing out numbers , the British insert an and before the tens and units , as in one hundred and sixty-two or two thousand and three .
One thousand million was sometimes described as a milliard , the definition adopted by most other European languages .
All major British publications and broadcasters , including the BBC , which long used thousand million to avoid ambiguity , now use billion to mean thousand million .
When referring to the numeral 0 , British people would normally use nought , oh , or zero , although nil is common in sports scores .
In written language , the words " the " and " of " may be and are usually dropped , i.e. 21 April .
The slope of the line in AmE is said to be the gradient of a line in BrE .
Different standards became noticeable after the publishing of influential dictionaries .
Quotation usageAmericans almost always place comma s and periods inside adjacent quotation marks .
On the other hand the broadsheet s ( such as The Guardian , The Times , and The Independent ) usually follow the sentence style of having only the first letter of the first word capitalised .

See also References

The Antarctic Circumpolar Current ( ACC ) is an ocean current that flows clockwise from west to east around Antarctica .
The clipper route , which is the fastest sailing route around the world , follows the ACC around three continental capes - Cape Agulhas ( Africa ) , South East Cape ( Australia ) and Cape Horn ( South America ) .
Passing through the Indian Ocean , the current is split by the Kerguelen Plateau in the Indian Ocean , and then moving northward again .
Such theories link the magnitude of the Circumpolar Current with the global thermohaline circulation , particularly the properties of the North Atlantic .
The current flows at a rate of about four km per hour .
Trends in the Antarctic Oscillation have been hypothesized to account for an increase in the transport of the Circumpolar Current over the past two decades .
Studies of phytoplankton stocks in the southern sea have shown that the Antarctic Circumpolar Current is dominated by diatoms , while the Weddell Sea has abundant coccolithophorid s and silicoflagellates .
Some research has been done on Antarctic phytoplankton as a carbon sink .
Arbor Day ( from the Latin arbor , meaning tree ) is a holiday in which individuals and groups are encouraged to plant and care for tree s. It originated in Nebraska City , Nebraska , United States by J. Sterling Morton .
Origin Birdsey Northrop of Connecticut was responsible for globalizing it when he visited Japan in 1883 and delivered his Arbor Day and Village Improvement message .
Prince Edward Island celebrates Arbor Day on the 3rd Friday in May during Arbor Week .
China In 1981 , the fourth session of the Fifth National People 's Congress of the People 's Republic of China adopted the Resolution on the Unfolding of a Nationwide Voluntary Tree-planting Campaign .
This resolution established the Arbor Day ( ) and stipulated that every able-bodied citizen between the ages of 11 and 60 should plant three to five trees per year or do the equivalent amount of work in seedling , cultivation , tree tending or other services .
The People 's Republic of China celebrates Arbor Day on March 12 , a day founded by Lin Daoyang , continue to use following the date of Arbor Day of Republic of China .
The name Van Mahotsava ( the festival of trees ) originated in July 1947 after a successful tree-planting drive was undertaken in Delhi , in which national leaders like Jawaharlal Nehru , Dr Rajendra Prasad and Abdul Kalam Azad participated .
Paryawaran Sachetak Samiti , a leading environmental organization conducts mass events & concrete activities on this special day celebration each year .
Japan Japan celebrates a similarly themed Greenery Day , held on May 4 .
Republic of Macedonia Having in mind the bad condition of the forest fund , and in particular the catastrophic wildfires which occurred in the summer of 2007 , a citizen 's initiative for afforestation was started in the Republic of Macedonia .
Malawi National Tree Planting Day is on the 2nd Monday of December .
Pakistan National tree plantation day of Pakistan ( قومی شجر کاری دن ) is celebrated on 18 August .
Proclamation No. 396 enjoined the " active participation of all government agencies , including government-owned and controlled corporations , private sector , schools , civil society groups and the citizenry in tree planting activity and declaring June 25 , 2003 as Philippines Arbor Day . "
Around a million trees are planted each year by schools , community organizations and local authorities .

Ayer was a Special Operations Executive and MI6 agent during the Second World War .
The stance of a person who believes " God " denotes no verifiable hypothesis is sometimes referred to as igtheism ( for example , by Paul Kurtz ) .
He was knighted in 1970 .
Ayer 's own formulation was that a sentence can only be meaningful if it has verifiable empirical import , otherwise it is either " analytical " if tautologous , or " metaphysical " ( i.e. meaningless , or " literally senseless " ) .
Ayer wrote two books on the philosopher Bertrand Russell , Russell and Moore : The Analytic Heritage ( 1971 ) and Russell ( 1972 ) .

He was a founding member and the de facto early leader of the influential Bourbaki group .
Éveline returned to France without him .
Weil was mistakenly arrested in Finland at the outbreak of the Winter War suspected of spying ; however , accounts of his life having been at danger have been shown to be exaggerated .
He taught at the University of Chicago from 1947 to 1958 , before spending the remainder of his career at the Institute for Advanced Study .
Mordell 's theorem had an ad hoc proof ; Weil began the separation of the infinite descent argument into two types of structural approach , by means of height function s for sizing rational points , and by means of Galois cohomology , which was not to be clearly named as that for two more decades .
He had introduced the adele ring in the late 1930s , following Claude Chevalley 's lead with the idele s , and given a proof of the Riemann – Roch theorem with them ( a version appeared in his Basic Number Theory in 1967 ) .
He says on page 114 of his autobiography that he was responsible for the null set symbol ( Ø ) and it came from the Norwegian alphabet , with which he alone among the Bourbaki group was familiar .
Beliefs Indian ( Hindu ) thought had great influence on Weil .
The city states of this region later formed a confederation known as the Achaean League which was influential during the 3rd and 2nd centuries BC .
A scholarly consensus has not yet been reached on the origin of the historic Achaeans relative to the Homeric Achaeans and is still hotly debated .
Emil Forrer went as far to claim that there existed a " great empire " called Ahhijawa , which stood as equal by the side of the old states of the east .
Egyptian sources During the 5th year of Pharaoh Merneptah , a confederation of Libya n and northern peoples is supposed to have attacked the Western Delta .
Included amongst the ethnic names of the repulsed invaders is the Ekwesh or Eqwesh , whom some have seen as Achaeans , although Egyptian texts specifically mention these Ekwesh to be circumcised ( which does not seem to have been a general practice in the Aegaean at the time ) .
Kadmos from Phoenicia , Danaus from Egypt , and Pelops from Anatolia each gained a foothold in mainland Greece and were assimilated and Hellenized .
Sons of Xuthos and Kreousa , daughter of Erechthea , were Ion and Achaeus .

Early years Selberg was born in Langesund , Norway , the son of a mathematician .
While he was still at school he was influenced by the work of Srinivasa Ramanujan and he found the exact analytical formula for the partition function as suggested by the works of Ramanujan ; however , this result was first published by Hans Rademacher .
After the war his accomplishments became known , including a proof that a positive proportion of the zeros of the Riemann zeta function lie on the line \ Re ( s ) = \ tfrac .

According to Aristotle , he expanded the number of characters in plays to allow for conflict amongst them , whereas previously characters had interacted only with the chorus .
Only seven of his estimated seventy to ninety plays have survived into modern times , and there is a longstanding debate about his authorship of one of these plays , Prometheus Bound .
This play , The Persians , is the only extant classical Greek tragedy concerned with recent history ( very few of that kind were ever written ) and it is a useful source of information about that period .
Aeschylus was one of many Greeks who had been initiated into the Eleusinian Mysteries , a cult to Demeter based in his hometown of Eleusis .
As the name implies , members of the cult were supposed to have gained some secret knowledge .
When he stood trial for his offense he pleaded ignorance .
Euphorion won first prize in 431 in competition against both Sophocles and Euripides .
Only seven tragedies have survived intact : The Persians , Seven against Thebes , The Suppliants , the trilogy known as The Oresteia , consisting of the three tragedies Agamemnon , The Libation Bearers and The Eumenides , together with Prometheus Bound ( whose authorship is disputed ) .
It opens with the arrival of a messenger in Susa , the Persian capital , bearing news of the catastrophic Persian defeat at Salamis to Atossa , the mother of the Persian King Xerxes .
A plausible reconstruction of the trilogy 's last two-thirds runs thus : In The Egyptians , the Argive-Egyptian war threatened in the first play has transpired .
Angered by his daughter 's disobedience , Danaus orders her imprisonment and , possibly , her execution .
After reconciling with Prometheus , Zeus probably inaugurates a festival in his honor at Athens .
We have enough fragments of some plays ( along with comments made by later authors and scholiasts ) to produce rough synopses of their plots .
Aeschylus is also said to have made the costumes more elaborate and dramatic , and having his actors wear platform boots ( cothurni ) to make them more visible to the audience .
The Ring and the Oresteia ( London : Faber .

[[2024]]
Construction is currently underway .
In 2011 Crandall University got a new mascot for the changes to the school in 2011 .
Sir Andrew John Wiles , KBE , FRS ( born 11 April 1953 ) is a British mathematician and a Royal Society Research Professor at Oxford University , specializing in number theory .
He has been a foreign member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences since 1996 .
[[2028]]

For a couple of years she went to a boarding school .
Agnes Grey , based upon her experiences as a governess , was published in 1847 .
In 1802 , at the age of 26 , he won a place to study theology at St. John 's College , Cambridge where he changed his name , Brunty , to the more distinguished sounding Brontë .
Anne 's father was appointed to the perpetual curacy in Haworth , a small town seven miles ( 11 km ) away .
The children devised plots about the inhabitants of Angria and its capital city , " Glass Town " , later called Verreopolis or Verdopolis .
Anne took lessons from Charlotte , after she returned from Roe Head .
As the daughter of a poor clergyman , she needed to earn a living .
The Inghams , dissatisfied with their children 's progress , dismissed Anne .
It seems clear he was a good-looking , engaging young man , whose easy humour and kindness towards the sisters made a considerable impression .
Weightman died of cholera in the same year .
Her charges , the Robinson girls , became lifelong friends .
When Anne and her brother returned home for the holidays in June 1846 , she resigned her position .
Anne retained close ties to Elizabeth and Mary Robinson , exchanging letters even after Branwell 's disgrace .
Charlotte came across Emily 's poems which had been shared only with Anne , her partner in the world of Gondal .
While Anne and Emily 's novels ' lingered in the press ' , Charlotte 's second novel was an immediate and resounding success .
Anne and Emily were obliged to pay fifty pounds to help meet their publishing costs .
The book 's brilliance lies in its revelation of the position of women at the time , and its multi-layered plot .
It is easy today to underestimate the extent to which the novel challenged existing social and legal structures .
If she took their child , she was liable for kidnapping .
London visit In July 1848 , to dispel the rumour that the " Bell brothers " were all the same person , Charlotte and Anne went to London to reveal their identities to the publisher George Smith .
The remaining print run was bought by Smith and Elder , and reissued under new covers in November 1848 .
Over Christmas , Anne caught influenza .
She expressed her love and concern for Ellen and Charlotte , and seeing Charlotte 's distress , whispered to her to " take courage " .
The former schoolmistress at Roe Head , Miss Wooler , was in Scarborough and she was the only other mourner at Anne 's funeral .
She was buried in St. Mary 's churchyard , beneath the castle walls , overlooking the bay .
He is the patron saint of brewers , printers , theologians , the alleviation of sore eyes , and a number of cities and dioceses .
Life Childhood and education Augustine was born in 354 in the municipium of Thagaste ( now Souk Ahras , Algeria ) in Roman Africa .
His father , Patricius , was a pagan , and his mother , Monica , was a Christian .
At age 17 , through the generosity of fellow citizen Romanianus , Augustine went to Carthage to continue his education in rhetoric .
As a youth Augustine lived a hedonistic lifestyle for a time , associating with young men who boasted of their sexual exploits with women and urged the inexperienced boys , like Augustine , to seek out experiences or to make up stories about experiences in order to gain acceptance and avoid ridicule .
Augustine looked back years later on the life at Cassiciacum , a villa outside of Milan where he gathered with his followers , and described it as Christianae vitae otium – the Christian life of leisure .
A year later , in 388 , Augustine completed his apology On the Holiness of the Catholic Church .
Upon their arrival , they began a life of aristocratic leisure at Augustine 's family 's property .
The only thing he kept was the family house , which he converted into a monastic foundation for himself and a group of friends .
Augustine worked tirelessly in trying to convince the people of Hippo to convert to Christianity .
In his late treatise ( 420 AD ) he exhorted to respect the body on the grounds that it belonged to the very nature of the human person .
Initially , the two elements were in perfect harmony .
After the fall of humanity they are now experiencing dramatic combat between one another .
In " The Literal Interpretation of Genesis " Augustine took the view that everything in the universe was created simultaneously by God , and not in seven calendar days like a literal account of Genesis would require .
He argued that the six-day structure of creation presented in the book of Genesis represents a logical framework , rather than the passage of time in a physical way — it would bear a spiritual , rather than physical , meaning , which is no less literal .
At the Reformation , theologians such as John Calvin accepted amillennialism .
In contrast to Plato and other earlier philosophers , Augustine recognizes the centrality of testimony to human knowledge and argues that what others tell us can provide knowledge even if we do n't have independent reasons to believe their testimonial reports .
Just war Augustine asserted that Christians should be pacifists as a personal , philosophical stance .
God also grants those whom he saves with the gift of perseverance so that none of those whom God has chosen may conceivably fall away .
Regular sacraments are performed by clergy of the Catholic Church while sacraments performed by schismatics are considered irregular .
However , he also stated that baptism , while it does not confer any grace when done outside the Church , does confer grace as soon as one is received into the Catholic Church .
About the question whether baptism is an absolute necessity for salvation however , Augustine appears to have refined his beliefs during his lifetime , causing some confusion among later theologians about his position .
Augustine 's view of sexual feelings as sinful affected his view of women .
For example he considered a man ’s erection to be sinful , though involuntary , because it did not take place under his conscious control .
Augustine 's views on women were not all negative , however .
Henry Chadwick believes an accurate translation of " retractationes " may be " reconsiderations " .
His emphasis on the importance of community as a means of learning distinguishes his pedagogy from some others .
Augustine balanced his teaching philosophy with the traditional Bible - based practice of strict discipline .
They include apologetic works against the heresies of the Arians , Donatists , Manichaeans and Pelagians ; texts on Christian doctrine , notably De Doctrina Christiana ( On Christian Doctrine ) ; exegetical works such as commentaries on Book of Genesis , the Psalms and Paul 's Letter to the Romans ; many sermons and letters ; and the Retractationes , a review of his earlier works which he wrote near the end of his life .
His meditations on the nature of time are closely linked to his consideration of the human ability of memory .
According to Leo Ruickbie , Augustine 's arguments against magic , differentiating it from miracle , were crucial in the early Church 's fight against paganism and became a central thesis in the later denunciation of witches and witchcraft .
St. Augustine appears in the novel The Dalkey Archive by Flann O'Brian ( the pen name of Irish Author Brian O'Nolan ) .
He is summoned to an underwater cavern by an absurd scientist called De Selby ; together they discuss life in Heaven and the characters of other Saints .
Schools will vary in their approach , but in North America the most popular method taught derives from the " system " of Constantin Stanislavski , which was developed and popularised in America by Lee Strasberg , Stella Adler , and others .
Other approaches may include a more physical approach , following the teachings of Jerzy Grotowski and others , or may be based on the training developed by other theatre practitioner s including Sanford Meisner .
Other classes may include mask work , improvisation , and acting for the camera .
Anybody over the age of 18 can usually apply to drama school .
Acting classes and professional schools targeted at the under-18 crowd are offered in many locations .

The simmering tension finally broke into open revolt due to the actions of the tyrant of Miletus , Aristagoras .
The Greek states of Athens and Eretria allowed themselves to be drawn into this conflict by Aristagoras , and during their only campaigning season ( 498 BC ) they contributed to the capture and burning of the Persian regional capital of Sardis .
Darius thus began to contemplate the complete conquest of Greece , beginning with the destruction of Athens and Eretria .
However , the invasion ended in 490 BC with the decisive Athenian victory at the Battle of Marathon .
After Mycale , the Greek cities of Asia Minor again revolted , with the Persians now powerless to stop them .
Xanthippus , the Athenian commander at Mycale , had furiously rejected this ; the Ionian cities were originally Athenian colonies , and the Athenians , if no-one else , would protect the Ionians .
She called to Sparta for assistance but was denied , as Sparta was facing the largest helot revolution in its history .
After two years Thasos surrendered to the Athenian leader Cimon .
Athens also switched from accepting ships , men and weapons as dues from league members , to only accepting money .
All this accomplished , however , was to allow them to return home via the Megarid .
After some thought , they rescinded this order , and only put to death the leading 1000 ringleaders of the revolt , and redistributed the land of the entire island to Athenian shareholders , who were sent out to reside on Lesbos .
Thucydides documents the example of Melos , a small island , neutral in the war , though originally founded by Spartans .

Horch left the company in 1909 after a dispute , and set up in competition in Zwickau .
( The court decided that Horch was a registered trademark on behalf of August Horch 's former partners and August Horch was not entitled to use it any more ) .
He was made an honorary professor at Braunschweig University of Technology .
Many modern avionics have their origins in World War II wartime developments .
Famously , radar was developed in the UK , Germany , and the United States during the same period .
Aircraft like the F‑15E and the now retired F‑14 have roughly 80 percent of their budget spent on avionics .
International standards for avionics equipment are prepared by the Airlines Electronic Engineering Committee ( AEEC ) and published by ARINC .
Today automated flight control is common to reduce pilot error and workload at key times like landing or takeoff .
Heavy precipitation ( as sensed by radar ) or severe turbulence ( as sensed by lightning activity ) are both indications of strong convective activity and severe turbulence , and weather systems allow pilots to deviate around these areas .
Military communications While aircraft communications provide the backbone for safe flight , the tactical systems are designed to withstand the rigors of the battle field .
The military uses radar in fast jets to help pilots fly at low levels .
This imagery is used for everything from search and rescue to navigational aids and target acquisition .
They are also used to determine the state of a threat and identify it .

The Greeks were ambivalent toward Ares : although he embodied the physical valor necessary for success in war , he was a dangerous force , " overwhelming , insatiable in battle , destructive , and man-slaughtering . "
His value as a war god is placed in doubt : during the Trojan War , Ares was on the losing side , while Athena , often depicted in Greek art as holding Nike ( Victory ) in her hand , favored the triumphant Greeks .
Ares plays a relatively limited role in Greek mythology as represented in literary narratives , though his numerous love affairs and abundant offspring are often alluded to .
The most famous story related to Ares and Aphrodite shows them exposed to ridicule through the wronged husband 's clever device .
Character , origins , and worship Ares was one of the Twelve Olympians in the archaic tradition represented by the Iliad and Odyssey .
Ares in Sparta In Sparta , Ares was viewed as a masculine soldier : his resilience , physical strength , and military intelligence were unrivaled .
Ares may also be accompanied by Kydoimos , the demon of the din of battle ; the Makhai ( " Battles " ) ; the " Hysminai " ( " Acts of manslaughter " ) ; Polemos , a minor spirit of war , or only an epithet of Ares , since it has no specific dominion ; and Polemos 's daughter , Alala , the goddess or personification of the Greek war-cry , whose name Ares uses as his own war-cry .
For the sake of modesty , the goddesses demurred , but the male gods went to witness the sight .
Some commented on the beauty of Aphrodite , others remarked that they would eagerly trade places with Ares , but all who were present mocked the two .
Ares was held screaming and howling in the urn until Hermes rescued him , and Artemis tricked the Aloadae into slaying each other .
His notion of abelian category is now the basic object of study in homological algebra .
Grothendieck lived with his parents until 1933 in Berlin .
Jean Giraud worked out torsor theory extensions of non-abelian cohomology .
The Grothendieck Festschrift was a three-volume collection of research papers to mark his sixtieth birthday ( falling in 1988 ) , and published in 1990 .
A permanent position became open at the end of his tenure , but the application Grothendieck submitted made it clear that he had no plans to continue his mathematical research .
The manuscript , which is being edited for publication by G. Maltsiniotis , later led to another of his monumental works , Les Dérivateurs .
In January 2010 , Grothendieck wrote a letter to Luc Illusie .
Mathematical achievements Grothendieck 's early mathematical work was in functional analysis .
From about 1955 he started to work on sheaf theory and homological algebra , producing the influential " Tôhoku paper " ( Sur quelques points d'algèbre homologique , published in 1957 ) where he introduced Abelian categories and applied their theory to show that sheaf cohomology can be defined as certain derived functor s in this context .
He also pioneered the systematic use of nilpotent s. As ' functions ' these can take only the value 0 , but they carry infinitesimal information , in purely algebraic settings .
His theory of schemes has become established as the best universal foundation for this major field , because of its great expressive power as well as technical depth .
In that setting one can use birational geometry , techniques from number theory , Galois theory and commutative algebra , and close analogues of the methods of algebraic topology , all in an integrated way .
He is also noted for his mastery of abstract approaches to mathematics and his perfectionism in matters of formulation and presentation .


AA has no opinion on the medical nature of alcoholism ; nonetheless AA is regarded , by many , as a proponent and popularizer of the disease theory of alcoholism .
Thacher presented himself to Wilson saying he had " got religion " and was sober , and Wilson could do the same if he set aside objections to religion and formed , instead , a personal idea of God , " another power " or " higher power " .
Wilson 's early efforts to help others become sober were ineffective , prompting Dr. Silkworth to suggest that Wilson place less stress on religion and more on " the science " of treating alcoholism .
Wilson 's first success came during a business trip to Akron , Ohio , where he was introduced to Dr. Robert Smith , a surgeon and Oxford Group member who was unable to stay sober .
Informally known as " The Big Book " ( with its first 164 pages virtually unchanged since the 1939 edition ) , it suggests a twelve-step program in which members admit that they are powerless over alcohol and need help from a " higher power " ; seek guidance and strength through prayer and meditation from God or Higher Power of their own understanding ; take a moral inventory with care to include resentments ; list and become ready to remove character defects ; list and make amends to those harmed , and then try to help other alcoholics recover .
In 2006 , AA counted 1,867,212 members and 106,202 AA groups worldwide .
Each group is a self-governing entity with AA World Services acting only in an advisory capacity .
The sponsor should preferably have experience of all twelve of the steps , be the same gender as the sponsored person , and refrain from imposing personal views on the sponsored person .
AA 's program is an inheritor of Counter-Enlightenment philosophy .
As this tension is an integral part of AA , Rudy and Greil argue that AA is best described as a quasi-religious organization .
They are usually informal and often feature discussions .
Confidentiality US courts have not extended the status of privileged communication , such as that enjoyed by clergy and lawyers , to AA related communications between members .
Addressing the allergy concept , AA said " The doctor ’s theory that we have an allergy to alcohol interests us .
About 80 % of those sober more than one year , but less than five years will remain sober and active in the fellowship another year .
About 90 % of the members sober five years or more will remain sober and active in the fellowship another year .
Research has found that the institutional use of AA in certain circumstances has reduced health-care expenditures by 45 % .
United Kingdom treatment industry A cross-sectional survey of substance-misuse treatment providers in the West Midlands found fewer than 10 % integrated twelve-step methods in their practice and only a third felt their consumers were suited for Alcoholics Anonymous or Narcotics Anonymous membership .
Less than half were likely to recommend self-help groups to their clients .
Another study found that the AA program 's focus on admission of having a problem increases deviant stigma and strips members of their previous cultural identity , replacing it with the deviant identity .
Premultiplied alpha has some practical advantages over normal alpha blending because premultiplied alpha blending is associative and linear interpolation gives better results , although premultiplication can cause a loss of precision and , in extreme cases , a noticeable loss of quality .
For example , given two image elements A and B , the most common compositing operation is to combine the images such that A appears in the foreground and B appears in the background .
Processors , especially vector processor s , are often optimized for array operations .
Among other things , this feature allows a single iterative statement to process arbitrarily many elements of an array .
Some mainframes designed in the 1960s , such as the Burroughs B5000 and its successors , had special instructions for array indexing that included index-bounds checking . .
In C + + ( 1983 ) , class templates exist for multi-dimensional arrays whose dimension is fixed at runtime as well as for runtime-flexible arrays .
As an example consider the C declaration int anArrayName [ 10 ] ; Syntax : datatype anArrayname [ sizeofArray ] ; In the given example the array can contain 10 elements of any value available to the int type .
Dope vectors The addressing formula is completely defined by the dimension d , the base address B , and the increments c1 , c2 , … , ck .
It is often useful to pack these parameters into a record called the array 's descriptor or stride vector or dope vector .
However , that is not necessary .
For example , when computing the product A · B of two matrices , it would be best to have A stored in row-major order , and B in column-major order .
If this operation is done infrequently , insertions at the end of the array require only amortized constant time .
For a compact two-dimensional triangular array , for instance , the addressing formula is a polynomial of degree 2 .
A single octet can thus hold up to 256 different combinations of up to 8 different conditions , in the most compact form .
Efficiency comparison with other data structures Growable array s are similar to arrays but add the ability to insert and delete elements ; adding and deleting at the end is particularly efficient .
For example , an array with 5 rows and 4 columns is two-dimensional , but such matrices form a 20-dimensional space .


Created by the Scottish-born composer Peter Dodds McCormick , the song was first performed in 1878 but did not gain its status as the official anthem until 1984 .
Until then the song was sung in Australia as a patriotic song .
It was also frequently played at the start or end of official functions .
Competitions , plebiscite and adoption In 1951 there was a competition for a new national anthem to celebrate the golden jubilee of the Federation of Australia .
The entry by the Austrian-born conductor Henry Krips , " This Land of Mine " , won the competition but it was decided to make no change to the status quo .
Until 1974 " God Save the Queen " was Australia 's national anthem .
The contest was held in two stages , the first seeking lyrics and the second music , each having an A$ 5,000 prize for the winning entry .
Non-commercial use of the anthem is permitted without case-by-case permission , but commercial use does require permission .
The original lyrics published in 1879 were as follows : The 1901 Federation version of the third verse was originally sung as : Criticism Both the lyrics and melody of the official anthem have been criticised in some quarters as being dull and unendearing to the Australian people .
As a matter of course , incoming calls to payphones are disabled ; furthermore , the Bell ANAC number is also disabled .
They are used in order for the agent in the call center to confirm the phone the customer is calling from , so that a computer can automatically display the customer 's account on a " screen pop " for the next available customer service representative ; they are distinct from purpose-made toll-free ANAC numbers .
Regardless , if one were to call one of these numbers , listen for the number confirmation and hang up , they would in effect be using this system as if it were an ANAC .
It is noteworthy that a suspended or out of service line or an incoming only line would not be able to reach any toll-free numbers .
Some lists also mention 1-555-1313 as ANAC ( 506 New Brunswick ) .
ANAC announces the caller 's own number ; the reverse lookup gives the directory name for a listed telephone number input by the user .
Your number will be called out without the lead 0 .
Background Amerigo Vespucci was born and raised in Florence , Italy .
Expeditions At the invitation of king Manuel I of Portugal , Vespucci participated as observer in several voyages that explored the east coast of South America between 1499 and 1502 .
Mundus Novus ( New World ) was a Latin translation of a lost Italian letter sent from Lisbon to Lorenzo di Pierfrancesco de ' Medici .
One describes a voyage made in 1499 – 1500 which corresponds with the second of the " four voyages " .
If his own account is to be believed , he reached the latitude of Patagonia before turning back , although this also seems doubtful , since his account does not mention the broad estuary of the Río de la Plata , which he must have seen if he had gotten that far south .
Fourth voyage Vespucci 's fourth voyage was another expedition for the Portuguese crown down the eastern coast of Brazil , that set out in May , 1503 and returned to Portugal in June 1504 .
Personal Vespucci was cousins with Simonetta Vespucci .
[[2063]]
He decided at an early age to become a painter , and moved to Paris in 1881 to study art .
His home a few kilometers outside Banyuls , also the site of his final resting place , has been turned into a museum where a number of his works and sketches are displayed .

The first figure , which represents Eurydice in flames and smoke , in the act of leaving Hades , was completed towards the close of his sixteenth year .
He began , however , to complete the group for his patron , and the Orpheus which followed , evinced the great advance he had made .
The terseness of style and the faithful imitation of nature which characterized them called forth the warmest admiration .
Simplicity and natural expression had hitherto characterized Canova 's style ; with these were now united more exalted conceptions of grandeur and of truth .
In two different groups , and with opposite expression , the sculptor has represented Cupid with his bride ; in the one they are standing , in the other recumbent .
If my poor talents can be useful in any other land , they must be of some utility to Italy ; and ought not her claim to be preferred to all others ? "
Numerous works were produced in the years 1795 – 1797 , of which several were repetitions of previous productions .
The model filled Italy with admiration ; the marble was procured , and the chisel of the sculptor ready to be applied to it , when the jealousy of churchmen as to the site , or some other cause , deprived the country of the projected work .
Accordingly he repaired to Possagno in 1819 .
In the meantime the vast expenditure exhausted his resources , and compelled him to labor with unceasing assiduity notwithstanding age and disease .
Amongst these were the group Mars and Venus , the colossal figure of Pius VI , the Pietà , the St John , the recumbent Magdalen .
By a public decree , this fine work was placed in one of the stanze of the Vatican hitherto reserved for the most precious works of antiquity .
The artist was entertained with munificence , and various honors were conferred upon him .
File : Tomb Monument of Pius VI Gregorovius .
François-Auguste-René Rodin ( 12 November 1840 – 17 November 1917 ) , known as Auguste Rodin ( ; ) , was a French sculptor .
Rodin was sensitive to the controversy surrounding his work , but refused to change his style .
It was at Petite École that he first met Jules Dalou and Alphonse Legros .
Leaving the Petite École in 1857 , Rodin would earn a living as a craftsman and ornamenter for most of the next two decades , producing decorative objects and architectural embellishments .
Saint Peter Julian Eymard , founder and head of the congregation , recognized Rodin 's talent and , sensing his lack of suitability for the order , encouraged Rodin to continue with his sculpture .
The teacher 's attention to detail – his finely rendered musculature of animals in motion – significantly influenced Rodin .
In 1864 , Rodin began to live with a young seamstress named Rose Beuret , with whom he would stay – with ranging commitment – for the rest of his life .
The artistic community appreciated his work in this vein , and Rodin was invited to Paris Salon s by such friends as writer Léon Cladel .
The two formed a passionate but stormy relationship and influenced each other artistically .
His execution of both sculptures clashed with traditional tastes , and met with varying degrees of disapproval from the organizations that sponsored the commissions .
During one absence , Rodin wrote to Beuret , " I think of how much you must have loved me to put up with my caprices ... I remain , in all tenderness , your Rodin . "
Works In 1864 , Rodin submitted his first sculpture for exhibition , The Man with the Broken Nose , to the Paris Salon .
The result was a life-size , well-proportioned nude figure , posed unconventionally with his right hand atop his head , and his left arm held out at his side , forearm parallel to the body .
Despite the title , St. John the Baptist Preaching did not have an obviously religious theme .
Critics were still mostly dismissive of his work , but the piece finished third in the Salon 's sculpture category .
To prove completely that I could model from life as well as other sculptors , I determined ... to make the sculpture on the door of figures smaller than life . "
During the Hundred Years ' War , the army of King Edward III besieged Calais , and Edward ordered that the town 's population be killed en masse .
Commissions and controversy Commissioned to create a monument to French writer Victor Hugo in 1889 , Rodin dealt extensively with the subject of artist and muse .
The realized sculpture displays Balzac cloaked in the drapery , looking forcefully into the distance with deeply gouged features .
In the BBC series Civilization , art historian Kenneth Clark praised the monument as " the greatest piece of sculpture of the 19th Century , perhaps , indeed , the greatest since Michelangelo . "
Early subjects included fellow sculptor Jules Dalou ( 1883 ) and companion Camille Claudel ( 1884 ) .
Later , with his reputation established , Rodin made busts of prominent contemporaries such as English politician George Wyndham ( 1905 ) , Irish playwright George Bernard Shaw ( 1906 ) , Austrian composer Gustav Mahler ( 1909 ) , former Argentinian president Domingo Faustino Sarmiento and French statesman Georges Clemenceau ( 1911 ) .
Sculptural fragments to Rodin were autonomous works , and he considered them the essence of his artistic statement .
Nothing , really , is more moving than the maddened beast , dying from unfulfilled desire and asking in vain for grace to quell its passion . "
He described the evolution of his bust over a month , passing through " all the stages of art 's evolution " : first , a " Byzantine masterpiece " , then " Bernini intermingled " , then an elegant Houdon . "
The Hand of God is his own hand . "
After he completed his work in clay , he employed highly-skilled assistants to re-sculpt his compositions at larger sizes ( including any of his large-scale monuments such as The Thinker ) , to cast the clay compositions into plaster or bronze , and to carve his marbles .
His income from portrait commissions alone totalled probably 200,000 francs a year .
Rilke stayed with Rodin in 1905 and 1906 , and did administrative work for him ; he would later write a laudatory monograph on the sculptor .
He concentrated on small dance studies , and produced numerous erotic drawings , sketched in a loose way , without taking his pencil from the paper or his eyes from the model .
Fifty-three years into their relationship , Rodin married Rose Beuret .
The patient 's condition is grave . "
A cast of The Thinker was placed next to his tomb in Meudon ; it was Rodin 's wish that the figure serve as his headstone and epitaph .
In 1923 , Marcell Tirel , Rodin 's secretary , published a book alleging that Rodin 's death was largely due to cold , and the fact that he had no heat at Meudon .
The Musée Rodin was founded in 1916 and opened in 1919 at the Hôtel Biron , where Rodin had lived , and it holds the largest Rodin collection , with more than 6,000 sculptures and 7,000 works on paper .
Notes References Further reading External links
Ann Arbor became a focal-point for left-wing activism and served as a hub for the civil-rights movement and anti-Vietnam War movement , as well as the student movement .
It was not until the early 1880s that Ann Arbor again saw robust growth , with new immigrants coming from Greece , Italy , Russia , and Poland .
Since then , a vociferous local debate has hinged on how and whether to accommodate and guide development within city limits .
And in the year 2010 , Forbes listed Ann Arbor as one of the most liveable cities in the United States of America .
Downtown contains a mix of 19th - and early-20th-century structures and modern-style buildings , as well as a farmers ' market in the Kerrytown district .
The city 's commercial districts are composed mostly of two - to four-story structures , although downtown and the area near Briarwood Mall contain a small number of high-rise buildings .
Temperatures reach or exceed on 10 days , and drop to or below on 4.6 nights .
The population density was 4,270.33 people per square mile ( 2653.47 / km ² ) .
Males had a median income of $ 48,880 versus $ 36,561 for females .
The office vacancy rate decreased to 10.65 % in 2012 from 12.08 % in 2011 , while the flex vacancy rate decreased slightly more , with a drop from 16.50 % to 15.02 % .
The city is also home to National Sanitation Foundation International , AKA : NSF International , the nonprofit non-governmental organization that develops generally accepted standards for a variety of public health related industries and subject areas .
The Borders chain was based in the city , as was its flagship store until it closed in September 2011 .
These small portals are examples of installation art and can be found throughout the downtown area .
The city is also home to the Gerald R. Ford Presidential Library .
Media The Ann Arbor News , owned by the Michigan-based Booth Newspapers chain , was the major daily newspaper serving Ann Arbor and the rest of Washtenaw County .
The University of Michigan is served by many student publications , including the independent Michigan Daily student newspaper , which reports on local , state , and regional issues in addition to campus news .
Two council members are elected from each of the city 's five wards .
The current mayor of Ann Arbor is John Hieftje , a Democrat who was first elected as mayor in 2000 .
AAPS has one of America 's leading music programs .
The district has a preschool center with both free and tuition-based programs for preschoolers in the district .
Ann Arbor is home to more than 20 private schools , including the Rudolf Steiner School of Ann Arbor , Clonlara School and Greenhills School , a prep school near Concordia University .
A separate zero-fare bus service operates within and between the University of Michigan campuses .
Since April 2012 , route 787 ( the " AirRide " ) connects to Detroit Airport a dozen times a day .
The act was prompted by the failure of William and Mary , as well as of Mary 's sister Princess Anne ( later Queen Anne ) , to produce any surviving children , and the Roman Catholic religion of nearly all other members of the House of Stuart .
The Act of Settlement can not be altered in any realm except by that realm 's own parliament and , by convention , only with the consent of all the other realms , as it touches on the succession to the shared crown .
The Bill of Rights also provided that the line of succession would go through their descendants , then through Mary 's sister Princess Anne , and her descendants , and then to the issue of William III by a later marriage ( if he were to marry again after the death of Mary II ) .
This success was in marked contrast to the four attempts at political union between 1606 and 1689 , which all failed owing to a lack of political will in both kingdoms .
By virtue of Article II of the Treaty of Union , which defined the succession to the throne of Great Britain , the Act of Settlement became part of Scots Law as well .
Excluding those princesses who have married into overseas Roman Catholic royal families , only one member of the Royal Family ( that is , with the style of Royal Highness ) has converted to Roman Catholicism since the passage of the Act : the Duchess of Kent , wife of Prince Edward , Duke of Kent .
The Duchess converted to Roman Catholicism on 14 January 1994 , but her husband did not lose his place in the succession because she was an Anglican at the time of their marriage .
It found that , as the Act of Settlement is part of the Canadian constitution , the Charter of Rights and Freedoms , as another part of the same constitution , does not have supremacy over it .
Also , the court noted that , while Canada has the power to amend the line of succession to the Canadian throne , the Statute of Westminster stipulates that the agreement of the governments of the fifteen other Commonwealth realms that share the Crown would first have to be sought if Canada wished to continue its relationship with these countries .
It would portend the eventual surrender of everything that has made us , and keeps us still , a nation .
The Monarchist League of Canada said at the time to the media that it " supports amending the Act of Settlement in order to modernize the succession rules . "
At CHOGM on 28 October 2011 , the prime ministers of the other Commonwealth realms agreed to support Cameron 's proposed changes to the Act .
The bill put before the Parliament of the United Kingdom would act as a model for the legislation required to be passed in at least some of the other realms , and any changes would only first take effect if the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge were to have a daughter before a son .
Occasionally , however , the hijackers have flown the aircraft themselves , such as the September 11 attacks of 2001 .
Settlements do not always meet the hijackers ' original demands .
He was flying a postal route for the Mexican company Transportes Aeras Transcontinentales , ferrying mail from San Luis Potosí to Toreon and then on to Guadalajara . "
Doc " went on to work for the FAA in Fort Worth after his flying career .
He never knew what struck him . "
In 1973 , the Nixon Administration ordered the discontinuance by the CIA of the use of hijacking as a covert action weapon against the Castro regime .
The Taiwanese intelligence also followed the CIA 's example-vis-а-vis China .
This case is politically distinct in the sense that the government of Israel - which strongly denounced other cases of Aircraft hijacking - endorsed this one and declared its participants to be heroes and martyrs for the Zionist cause .
On September 11 , 2001 , 19 al-Qaeda Islamic extremist s hijacked American Airlines Flight 11 , United Airlines Flight 175 , American Airlines Flight 77 , and United Airlines Flight 93 and crashed them into the Twin Towers of the World Trade Center , the southwestern side of the Pentagon building , and Stonycreek Township near Shanksville , Pennsylvania in a terrorist attack .
The " Common Strategy " approach was not designed to handle suicide hijackings , and the hijackers were able to exploit a weakness in the civil aviation security system .
Informing air traffic control To communicate to air traffic control that an aircraft is being hijacked , a pilot under duress should squawk 7500 or vocally , by radio communication , transmit " ( Aircraft callsign ) ; Transponder seven five zero zero . "
A pilot under duress may also elect to respond that the aircraft is not being hijacked , but then neglect to change to a different squawk code .
In this case , the controller would make no further requests and immediately inform the appropriate authorities .
Of course , a loss of radio communications may also be the cause for a lack of response , in which case a pilot would usually squawk 7600 anyway .
However , the hijacker-pilot of Flight 11 and the ringleader of the terrorist cell , Mohamed Atta , mistakenly transmitted announcements to ATC , meaning to go through the Boeing 767 .
Screening passengers with metal detector s and luggage with x-ray machines helps prevent weapons from being taken on to an aircraft .
India In August 2005 , India revealed its new anti-hijacking policy .
See the German Wikipedia entry , or [ 1 ] The President of Germany , Horst Köhler , himself urged judicial review of the constitutionality of the Luftsicherheitsgesetz after he signed it into law in 2005 .
[[2076]]
In the 7th and the 6th centuries BC , the site was taken over by Kylon during the failed Kylonian revolt , and twice by Peisistratus : all attempts directed at seizing political power by coups d'etat .
Nevertheless , it seems that a nine-gate wall , the Enneapylon , had been built around the biggest water spring , the " Clepsydra " , at the northwestern foot .
The limestone phase of the building is referred to as Pre-Parthenon I , the marble phase as Pre-Parthenon II .
The devastated site was cleared of debris .
In 437 BC , Mnesicles started building the Propylaea , a monumental gate at the western end of the Acropolis with Doric columns of Pentelic marble , partly built upon the old propylaea of Peristratus .
Unusually , the temple has two porches , one on the northwest corner borne by Ionic columns , the other , to the southwest , supported by huge female figures or Caryatid s. The eastern part of the temple was dedicated to Athena Polias , while the western part , serving the cult of the archaic king Poseidon-Erechtheus , housed the altars of Hephaestus and Voutos , brother of Erechtheus .
Although the Order was not egalitarian or democratic internally , it sought to promote the doctrines of equality and freedom throughout society .
He began working towards incorporating his system of Illuminism with that of Freemasonry .
Weishaupt 's name is one of many references made to the Illuminati and other conspiracies in the 2000 PC game Deus Ex .
Works On the Illuminati Philosophical works Notes External links
The keyboard included a form of single-key keyword input , similar to that used on the Sinclair Spectrum , via the ' func ' key .
This meant the Electron had a lifespan not much shorter than those more popular micros and much longer than competitors such as the Oric-1 and Dragon 32 .
The ADFS system could be temporarily disabled ( and PAGE reset to & E00 ) via the * NOADFS command .
ADFS quirksThe ADFS file format used the bytes Hugo to delimit the directory names on the disc , named after ADFS inventor Hugo Tyson .
Disc corruption could also occur if attempting to use the * COMPACT command without disabling the blinking cursor with the following command : VDU23 ,1,0 ; 0 ; 0 ; 0 ; This was due to the fact that the * COMPACT command used screen memory as working space during the operation , and the blinking cursor corrupted that memory space .
This is possibly as a result of needing to create the ZYSYSHELP file on the Electron .
This was quickly remedied by First Byte Computers who developed an interface and software which allowed a " switched " joystick to be used with the majority of software titles .
A software ROM was still supplied , but this did no more than expand the hardware ROM so that it knew mode 7 now existed and was able to switch into it .
The ROM firmware provided dial-up communications facilities .
Although page flipping was a hardware possibility , the limited memory forced most applications to do all their drawing directly to the visible screen , often resulting in graphical flicker or visible redraw .
A notable exception is Players ' Joe Blade series .
FireTrack exploits a division in the way the Electron handles its display — of the seven available graphics modes , two are configured so that the final two of every ten scanlines are blank and are not based on the contents of RAM .
But if set to a frequency outside the human audible range then the ear ca n't perceive the square wave , only the difference between the speaker being switched on and off .
This gives the effect of a simple toggle speaker similar to that seen in the 48 kB Sinclair ZX Spectrum .
Electron software is predominantly archived in the UEF file format .
A Fire Upon the Deep is a science fiction novel by American writer Vernor Vinge , a space opera involving superhuman intelligences , aliens , variable physics , space battles , love , betrayal , genocide , and a conversation medium resembling Usenet .
A Fire Upon the Deep won the Hugo Award in 1993 ( tied with Doomsday Book by Connie Willis ) .
Plot The novel posits that space around the Milky Way is divided into concentric layers called Zones , each being constrained by different laws of physics and each allowing for different degrees of biological and technological advancement .
The Blight rapidly learns how to infiltrate and control the computer systems of High Lab , and even develops the ability to possess and control the living humans .
Shortly before its final " flowering " , the changes in a single minute of the Blight 's life are said to exceed those of 10,000 years of human civilization .
The faction that initially contacts the humans , led by a Tine known as Steel , kills the adults and destroys many of the coldsleep boxes .
Related works Vinge first used the concepts of " Zones of Thought " in a 1988 novella , " The Blabber " , which occurs after Fire .
Aeronautics ( from the ancient Greek words ὰήρ āēr , which means " air " , and ναυτική nautikē which means " navigation " , i.e. " navigation of the air " ) is the science involved with the study , design , and manufacturing of air flight - capable machines , or the techniques of operating aircraft and rocketry within the atmosphere .
It was immediately recognized that a steerable , or dirigible , balloon was required .
In contrast to small non-rigid blimps , giant rigid airship s became the first aircraft to transport passengers and cargo over great distances .
At the same time , turboprop propulsion began to appear for smaller commuter planes , making it possible to serve small-volume routes in a much wider range of weather conditions .
Pilots can navigate much more accurately and view terrain , obstructions , and other nearby aircraft on a map or through synthetic vision , even at night or in low visibility .
Meanwhile , flying prototypes of aircraft powered by alternative fuels , such as ethanol , electricity , and even solar energy , are becoming more common and may soon enter the mainstream , at least for light aircraft .
In all rockets , the exhaust is formed entirely from propellant s carried within the rocket before use .
Rockets are used for fireworks , weaponry , ejection seat s , launch vehicle s for artificial satellite s , human spaceflight and exploration of other planets .
While comparatively inefficient for low speed use , they are very lightweight and powerful , capable of generating large accelerations and of attaining extremely high speeds with reasonable efficiency .
They patented a number of significant processes leading up to their film camera , most notably film perforations ( originally implemented by Emile Reynaud ) as a means of advancing the film through the camera and projector .
Consequently , their role in the history of film was exceedingly brief .
Throughout much of the 20th century , the Lumière company was a major producer of photographic products in Europe , but the brand name , Lumière , disappeared from the marketplace following merger with Ilford ( ref City of Lyon Document ) .
Polish inventor , Kazimierz Prószyński had built his camera and projecting device , called Pleograph , in 1894 .
Max and Emil Skladanowsky , inventors of the Bioskope , had offered projected moving images to a paying public one month earlier ( November 1 , 1895 , in Berlin ) .

” The list of scholars maintaining authorship by Luke the physician is lengthy , and represents scholars from a wide range of theological opinion .
Apology : An apology is basically a defense or justification for a belief that aims to convince or persuade an audience of a particular point of view .
This claim presupposes that early Christians were suspicious of Rome or feared Roman authority as a threat to their faith .
” Legitimation : This view mainly says that Luke is writing to the church in order to legitimate their Christian beliefs and to show that faith in Christ is compatible with allegiance to the Roman Empire .
” For example , to support this view Cassidy references how Paul is accused of going against the Emperor because he is “ saying that there is another king named Jesus .
According to the majority viewpoint , Acts describes Paul differently from how he describes himself , both factually and theologically .
Donald Guthrie , who dates the book between 62-64 , notes that the absence of any mention of the destruction of Jerusalem in 70 would be unlikely if the book were written afterward .
The Roman province by that name had been on hiatus from 27 BC and re-established by Emperor Vespasian only in 72 AD .
Townsend , turning to the sources behind the pseudo-Clementine writings , argues that the middle of the 2nd century is the terminus ad quem for the final composition .
According to Richard I. Pervo , " Townsend 's methodologically adventurous but ultimately cautious essay is another valuable lesson in the danger of establishing the date of Acts – or any work – by arguing for the earliest possible time of origin . "
Note the confident local allusion in 19:9 to " the school of Tyrannus " and in 19:33 to " Alexander " ; also the very minute topography in 20:13 – 15 .
The version of Acts preserved in the Western manuscripts contains about 10 % more content than the Alexandrian version of Acts .
The later chapters discuss Paul 's conversion , his ministry , and finally his arrest and imprisonment and trip to Rome .
Structure The structure of the book of Luke is closely tied with the structure of Acts .
Luke begins with a global perspective , dating the birth of Jesus to the reign of the Roman emperors in Luke 2:1 and 3:1 .
From there we see Jesus ' ministry move from Galilee ( chapters 4 – 9 ) , through Samaria and Judea ( chs .
10 – 19 ) , to Jerusalem where he is crucified , raised and ascended into heaven ( chs .
10 – 28 ) . "
This is immediately followed by a historical narrative which is set in Jerusalem .
On Pentecost , the Holy Spirit descends on them .
The apostles hear a great wind and witness " tongues of flames " descending on them , paralleling .
When Peter awakes from his vision , he meets with Cornelius the Centurion , who converts .
... I am Jesus " ( ) .
Universality of Christianity One of the central themes of Acts , indeed of the New Testament ( see also Great Commission ) is the universality of Christianity — the idea that Jesus 's teachings were for all humanity — Jews and Gentiles alike .
Acts features the " baptism in the Holy Spirit " on Pentecost and the subsequent spirit-inspired speaking in tongues .
As a result , Acts is particularly influential among branches of Christianity which place particular emphasis in the Holy Spirit , such as Pentecostalism and the Charismatic movement .
Acts also features an emphasis on prayer and includes a number of notable prayers such as the Believers ' Prayer ( ) , Stephen 's death prayer ( ) , and Simon Magus ' prayer ( ) .
Speeches Acts features twenty-four extended speeches or sermons from Peter , Paul , and others .
During this period Assyria overthrew the Mitanni and eclipsed both the Hittite Empire and Egyptian Empire in the Near East .
It is highly likely that the city was named in honour of the Assyrian god of the same name .
Early Assyria In ca .
Akkadian Empire During the Akkadian Empire ( 2334 – 2154 BC ) the Assyrians , like all the Akkadian semites ( and also the Sumerians ) , were subject to the dynasty of the city state of Akkad , centered in central Mesopotamia .
Assyria seems to have already been firmly involved in trade in Asia Minor by this time , one oldest known reference to Anatolia , " Land of the Hatti " , was found for the first time on Mesopotamian cuneiform tablets from the early period of the Akkadian Empire ( circa 2350 BC ) .
Assyria probably became part of the Empire of the Sumer ian 3rd dynasty of Ur founded in 2112 BC , and its rulers appear to have remained largely under Sumerian domination until the mid-21st century BC , although this is not certain , as the king list names Assyrian rulers for this period . .
In approximately 1975 BC , Puzur-Ashur I ( a contemporary of Shu-ilishu of Larsa and Samium of Isin ) founded a new dynasty , and his successors such as Shalim-ahum ( died 1946 BC ) , Ilushuma ( 1945 – 1906 BC ) , Erishum I ( 1905 – 1867 BC ) , Ikunum ( 1867 – 1860 BC ) , Sargon I , Naram-Sin and Puzur-Ashur II left inscriptions regarding the building of temples to gods such as Ashur , Adad and Ishtar in Assyria .
These colonies , called karum , the Akkadian word for ' port ' , were attached to Hattian and Hurrian cities in Anatolia , but physically separate , and had special tax status .
He himself resided in a new capital city founded in the Khabur valley in northern Mesopotamia , called Shubat-Enlil .
Assyria under Babylonian domination Hammurabi , after first conquering Mari , Larsa , and Eshnunna , eventually prevailed over Mut-Ashkur , who was Ishme-Dagan 's successor , and subjected him to Babylon in 1756 BC .
A period of civil war ensued after the deposition of the Amorite vassal king of Assyria Asinum , who was a grandson of Shamshi-Adad I , by a powerful native Akkadian vice regent named Puzur-Sin who regarded Asinum as both a foreigner and a lackey of Babylon .
He was followed by Adad-nirari I ( 1295 – 1275 BC ) who made Kalhu ( Biblical Calah / Nimrud ) his capital , and continued expansion to the northwest , mainly at the expense of the Hittites and Hurrians , conquering Hittite territories such as Carchemish and beyond .
He was murdered and then succeeded by Ashur-nadin-apli .
This was to lead to a renewed period of Assyrian expansion and empire .
He was eventually deposed by his uncle Ashur-rabi II in 1013 BC .
This event showed how far Assyria could assert itself militarily when the need arose .
Ashur-resh-ishi II ( 971-968 BC ) in all likelihood a fairly elderly man due to the length of his father 's reign , had a largely uneventful period of rule , concerning himself with defending Assyria 's borders and conducting various rebuilding projects within Assyria .
He maintained the policies of his recent predecessors , but appears to have had an uneventful reign .
Unlike the situation in the Old Assyrian period , the Anatolian metal trade was effectively dominated by the Hittites and the Hurrians .
Conflicts with the priesthood are thought to have been behind the murder of king Tukulti-Ninurta I .
The king depended both on the citizen class and priests in his capital , and the landed nobility who supplied the horses needed by Assyria 's military .
The mountain country to the north and west of Assyria was a major source of metal ore , as well as lumber .
He made further gains over Babylonia under Nabu-shuma-ukin I later in his reign .
The palaces , temples and other buildings raised by him bear witness to a considerable development of wealth , science , architecture and art .
Ashurnasirpal II also had a keen interest in Botany and Zoology ; collecting all manner of plants , seeds and animals to be displayed in Assyria .
Tiglath-Pileser III had reorganised the Assyrian army into a professional fighting force , and greatly improved the civil administration of his empire , setting the template for all future ancient empires Tiglath-Pileser III introduced Mesopotamian Eastern Aramaic as the Lingua Franca of Assyria and its vast empire , whose descendant dialects survive to this day .
Esarhaddon died whilst preparing to leave for Egypt to once more eject the Nubians , who were attempting to encroach on the southern part of the country .
After four years of bitter fighting , Nineveh itself was finally sacked in 612 BC , after a prolonged siege followed by house to house fighting .
Nineveh and Kalhu remained in ruins , conversely a number of towns and cities such as Arrapkha , Guzana and Harran remained intact , and Assur and Arbela were not completely destroyed , as is attested by their later revival .
The Persians had spent centuries under Assyrian domination , and Assyrian influence can be seen in Achaemenid art , infrastructure and administration .
Temples were still being dedicated to the national god Ashur in his home city and in Harran during the 4th century , indicating an Assyrian identity was still strong .
Under Arab rule Mesopotamia as a whole underwent a process of Arabisation and Islamification , and the region saw a large influx of non indigenous Arabs , Kurds , and later Turkic peoples .
Germany and West Africa theories Thus far the only people who have been attested with a high level of genetic , historical , linguistic and cultural research to be the descendants of the ancient Mesopotamians are the Assyrian Christians of Iraq and its surrounding areas in north west Iran , north east Syria and south eastern Turkey .
According to a single unsupported piece of recent research , refugees from the collapsed Assyrian Empire claim to have reached the region of Lake Chad and founded the kingdoms of Kanem and Kebbi .
These alleged refugees claimed the ancestry of Sargon of Akkad ( whose dynasty died out some 15 centuries before the fall of Assyria ) , they also contradictionally claimed ancestry from Nabopolassar , a Babylonian king of Chaldean extraction who played a major part in the destruction of the Assyrian Empire .
In addition , there is no evidence whatsoever in Assyrian , Babylonian , Median , Persia n , Greek or Egyptian records of the time mentioning deportations of Assyrians from their homelands Additionally , the claimants to this ancestry also claim descendancy from Sargon of Akkad ( whose dynasty died out over 1500 years before the Assyrian dynasty fell ) , and from Nabopolassar , who was a Chaldea n , politically and militarily opposed to Assyria , and not in fact an Assyrian .
The first inscriptions , called Old Assyrian ( OA ) , were made in the Old Assyrian period .
In the Neo-Assyrian period the Aramaic language became increasingly common , more so than Akkadian — this was thought to be largely due to the mass deportations undertaken by Assyrian kings , in which large Aramaic-speaking populations , conquered by the Assyrians , were relocated to Assyria and interbred with the Assyrians .
In the wake of the archaeological and philological rediscovery of ancient Assyria , Assyrian nationalism became increasingly popular among the surviving remnants of the Assyrian people , and has come to strongly identify with ancient Assyria .
See also Notes References Literature External links
Ark is a Latin-based word that means a " box " or container .
[[2088]]
This class of language disorder ranges from having difficulty remembering words to losing the ability to speak , read , or write .
Management There is no one treatment proven to be effective for all types of aphasias .
Another barrier is the capability of computer programs to imitate normal speech and keep up with the speed of regular conversation .
Ascending aorta The ascending aorta originates at the orifice of the aortic valve .
For this reason , the left , right and posterior aortic sinuses are also called left-coronary , right-coronary and non-coronary sinuses .
Aortic arch The aortic arch loops over the right pulmonary artery and the bifurcation of the pulmonary trunk , with which it remains connected by the ligamentum arteriosum , a remnant of the fetal circulation that is obliterated a few days after birth .
The latter two together supply the left side of the same regions .
Embryological development In mammalian and avian embryological development , the pharyngeal arch ( aortic arches ) arteries contribute to the normal pattern of the great arteries .
The fundamental unit of the aorta is the elastic lamella , which consists of smooth muscle and elastic matrix .
JPG | Aorta References External links
An example of Anomalous operation would be the use of Psi to manipulate a random number generator into giving out pre-selected results , or causing a compass needle to change its heading .
Spoon bending through Psi would also be a form of anomalous operation .
Micro-AP on the other hand covers data that show minute differences that require statistical analysis to rule out expected data that was only randomly generated .

During this period he was seconded to the Cooperative Research Centre for Advanced Computational Systems , where he headed the PIOuS ( Parallel Input/Output System ) project — later HiDIOS ( High-performance Distributed Input/Output System ) — for parallel file systems on the Fujitsu AP1000 and AP + supercomputers .
Linux and open-source companies were quite a new concept at this stage .
He worked in the network attached storage division for VA Linux Systems , making enhancements to Samba and the Linux kernel to provide enhanced performance for their network-attached storage device range .
Applesoft BASIC was supplied by Microsoft and its name is derived from the names of both Apple and Microsoft .
As Apple began to get buyer feedback , one of the most common complaints about the computer was BASIC 's lack of floating-point capability .
As Steve Wozniak , the creator of Integer BASIC and the only person who understood it well enough to add floating point features , was busy with the Disk II drive and controller and with Apple DOS , Apple turned to Microsoft .
Applesoft was designed to be backwards-compatible with Integer BASIC and used the core of Microsoft 's 6502 BASIC implementation , which included using the GET command for detecting key presses and not requiring any spaces on program lines .
All command names were of the form PLTx such that GR , COLOR = , PLOT , HLIN and VLIN were called PLTG , PLTC , PLTP , PLTH , and PLTV , respectively .
All of several examples in the manual used the function only to access " system monitor ROM " routines , or short user-routines to manipulate the ROM routines .
If they were given values outside that range , an error resulted .
Sample code Hello World in Applesoft BASIC could be entered as the following : 10 TEXT : HOME 20 ? "
in entered programs to the same token as " PRINT " ( thus no memory is actually saved by using " ? " )
When Goscinny died in 1977 , Uderzo continued the series alone on the demand of the readers who implored him to continue .
In 1998 , after a long trial , Dargaud lost the rights to publish and sell the albums .
A few months later , Uderzo appointed three illustrators , who had been his assistants for many years , to continue the series .
Asterix Conquers Rome is a comics adaptation of the animated film The Twelve Tasks of Asterix .
His chief is Vitalstatistix .
Some translations have actually added local humour : In the Italian translation , the Roman legionnaires are made to speak in 20th century Roman dialect and Obelix 's famous " Ils sont fous ces romains " ( " These Romans are crazy " ) is translated as " Sono pazzi questi romani " , alluding to the Roman abbreviation SPQR .
In former Yugoslavia , " Forum " publishing house translated Corsican in " Asterix in Corsica " into Montenegrin dialect of Serbo-Croatian ( today called Montenegrin language ) .
Also in the Netherlands two volumes were translated into Limburgish , a regional language spoken not only in Dutch Limburg but also in Belgian Limburg and North Rhine-Westphalia , Germany .
Most volumes have been translated into Latin and Ancient Greek with accompanying teachers ' guides as a way of teaching these ancient languages .
Films Various motion picture s based upon the series have been made .

Other less commonly used nicknames were the " Gridbirds " ( used only by a local newspaper columnist ) or " Cardiac Cards " ( used only to refer to the 1975 team ) .
During their 28 years in St. Louis , the Cardinals frequently wore white at home , especially for games vs. the Dallas Cowboys , hoping to bring out the " blue jersey jinx " which supposedly follows the Cowboys .
The Cardinals moved to Arizona in , and the flag of Arizona was added to the sleeves the following year .
The uniform numbers were relocated to the right chest .
Black again became an accent color after an eight-year absence , while trim lines were added to the outside shoulders , sleeves , and sides of the jerseys and pants .
Arizona did not wear the red pants for the remainder of the season and won four of their last seven games .
On New Year 's Day 2007 , KMVP began a simulcast of KTAR , which switched to an all-sports format ( the news/talk station became 92.3 , KTAR-FM ) .
For the same reason , the team 's home opener was a nationally-televised night game ( two Monday Night Football games and 12 Sunday Night Football games ) from 1988 to 2001 .
The Falcons play their home games at the Georgia Dome in downtown Atlanta , but construction is likely to begin in 2014 on a new stadium with play beginning in the 2017 season .
The Falcons joined the NFL in 1965 as an expansion team , after the NFL offered then-owner Rankin Smith a franchise to keep him from joining the rival American Football League ( AFL ) .
The Atlanta Falcons franchise began on June 30 , 1965 when NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle granted ownership to 41 year-old Rankin Smith Sr. .
The Atlanta expansion franchise became the 15th NFL franchise , and they were awarded the first pick in the 1966 NFL Draft as well as the final pick in each of the first five rounds .
” Notable Seasons 1966 – 1977 : The Beginning The Falcons had their first season in , and their first preseason game on August 1 , , losing to the Philadelphia Eagles .
Sanders was also famous for playing on major league baseball teams ( the New York Yankees and the Atlanta Braves ) while simultaneously playing in the NFL .
In 1991 , the Falcons drafted Brett Favre as the thirty-third overall pick .
The following February , Favre was traded to the Green Bay Packers .
1999 In the second game of the Falcons 1999 season , running back Jamal Anderson , who had been a key player in the Falcons ' 1998 success , suffered a season-ending knee injury .
2003 On March 19 , 2003 , the Falcons presented their new logo .
2006 In , Michael Vick became the first quarterback in league history to rush for more than 1,000 yards in a season , with 1,039 .
Matt Ryan started all 16 games in his rookie season and was named the Associated Press Offensive Rookie of the Year .
The Falcons played the red hot Seattle Seahawks in their first playoff game .
At first , the falcon crest logo was also put on the jersey sleeves , but it was replaced by a red and white stripe pattern four years later .
They switched from black to red jerseys in 1971 , and the club began to wear silver pants in 1978 .
Executive , coach and administrative support staff offices are located on the second floor and share a view of the outdoor practice field .
WAGA continues to have a relationship with the Falcons as their primary broadcaster of regular season games ( serving in this capacity since the Falcons started play ) , which dates back to when WAGA was a CBS affiliate and the NFL/NFC games were on CBS .
While there , the cheerleaders toured the detention camps ' hospital , and Camp IV , Camp V , & Camp VI .

Differences from Scandinavian and German usage There are two main strains of contemporary Germanic Paganism known as Ásatrú , originating near-simultaneously in Iceland ( , 1972 ) and the USA ( Asatru Free Assembly , 1974 ) .
In Germany , the term Asatru is used in the wider sense of Germanic neopaganism .
Yearly gatherings of The Troth , called " TrothMoot " , usually draws attendance of around 100-150 people .
Some general commonalities exist however , as outlined below : Blót Many Ásatrú groups celebrate with blóts .
Participants may also make boasts of their own deeds , or oaths or promises of future actions .
Gyðja signifies a priestess .
A few years later , the Moody Hill Theod emerged as an offshoot of the Witan Theod .
Both groups practice Anglo-Saxon Theodism , and have members that have belonged to both the Winland Rice and the Ealdriht .
Externally , political activity on the part of Ásatrú organizations has surrounded campaigns against alleged religious discrimination , such as the call for the introduction of an Ásatrú " emblem of belief " by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs to parallel the Wiccan pentacle granted to the widow of Patrick Stewart in 2006 .
The Troth takes the " universalist " position , claiming Asatru as a synonym for " Northern European Heathenry " taken to comprise " many variations , names , and practices , including Theodism , Irminism , Odinism , and Anglo-Saxon Heathenry " .
In the Georgacarakos v. Watts case Peter N. Georgacarakos filed a pro se civil-rights complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado against 19 prison officials for " interference with the free exercise of his Ásatrú religion " and " discrimination on the basis of his being Ásatrú " .
Ansibles occur as plot device s in science fiction literature .
Usage The name of the device has since been borrowed by authors such as Orson Scott Card , Vernor Vinge , Elizabeth Moon , Jason Jones , L.A. Graf , and Dan Simmons .
Anne McCaffrey 's Crystal Singer series posited an instantaneous communication device powered by rare , " Black Crystal " from the planet Ballybran .
The official name is Philotic Parallax Instantaneous Communicator , " explains Colonel Graff in Ender 's Game , " but somebody dredged the name ansible out of an old book somewhere . "
Card 's description of the ansible 's functions in Xenocide involve a fictional subatomic particle , the philote .
In the " Enderverse " , the two quark s inside a pi meson can be separated by an arbitrary distance while remaining connected by " philotic rays " .
A 2008 quantum physics experiment performed in Geneva , Switzerland has determined that in any hypothetical nonlocal hidden-variables theory the speed of the quantum non-local connection would have to be at least 10,000 times the speed of light .


Gifted and industrious , Adalbert soon became well-known all over Europe .
Four years later , in 993 , Pope John XV sent him back to Bohemia , and Adalbert became the bishop again .
Nonetheless , the nobility there continued to oppose his ministry .
Also , according to Cosmas of Prague 's chronicle , high clerical office was a burden to Adalbert , and in 994 he offered it to Strachkvas who was a member of the Přemyslid dynasty and Duke Boleslav 's brother .
During the struggle four ( or five ) of Adalbert 's brothers were killed .
The bishop and his followers - including his half-brother Radim ( Gaudentius ) - entered Prussian territory and went along the Baltic Sea coast to Gdańsk .
Another famous biographer of Adalbert was Saint Bruno of Querfurt who wrote his hagiography in 1001 – 1004 .
For example , the saint has two skulls - one in Prague , a second in Gniezno ( stolen in 1923 ) .
April 1997 was the thousandth anniversary of Saint Adalbert 's martyrdom .
Representatives of Catholic , Greek Orthodox , and Evangelical churches pilgrimaged to Gniezno , to the saint 's tomb .

[[2110]]
Canterbury Cathedral was plundered and burned by the Danes following Ælfheah 's capture .
Thorkell the Tall was appalled at the brutality of his fellow raiders , and switched sides to the English king Æthelred the Unready following Ælfheah 's death .
He was persuaded of Ælfheah 's sanctity , but Ælfheah and Augustine of Canterbury were the only pre-conquest Anglo-Saxon archbishops kept on Canterbury 's calendar of saints .
The prose version has survived , but the Life is very much a hagiography : many of the stories it contains have obvious Biblical parallels , making them suspect as a historical record .
In mathematics , an associative algebra A is a ( not necessarily unital ) associative ring that has a compatible structure of a vector space over a certain field K or , more generally , of a module over a commutative ring R. Thus A is endowed with binary operations of addition and multiplication satisfying a number of axioms , including associativity of multiplication and distributivity , as well as compatible multiplication by the elements of the field K or the ring R. For example , a ring of square matrices over a field K is an associative K algebra .
Moreover , the algebra A built this way will be unital if and only if there exists an element 1 of A such that every element x of A satisfies 1x = x1 = x. This definition is equivalent to the statement that a unital associative R-algebra is a monoid in R-Mod ( the monoidal category of R-modules ) .
Algebra homomorphisms A homomorphism between two associative R-algebras is an R-linear ring homomorphism .
Algebra Analysis Geometry and combinatorics Constructions Associativity and the multiplication mapping Associativity was defined above quantifying over all elements of A. It is possible to define associativity in a way that does not explicitly refer to elements .
An algebra is defined as a vector space A with a bilinear map ( the multiplication map ) .
There is also an abstract notion of F-coalgebra .
However , it fails to preserve multiplication : But , in general , this does not equal This shows that this definition of a tensor product is too naive .

The axiom of regularity is arguably the least useful ingredient of Zermelo – Fraenkel set theory , since virtually all results in the branches of mathematics based on set theory hold even in the absence of regularity ; see chapter 3 of .
Given the other ZF axioms , the axiom of regularity is equivalent to the axiom of induction .
We see that there must be an element of which is disjoint from .
So if one forms a non-trivial ultrapower of Vω , then it will also satisfy the axiom of regularity .
For any actual natural number k , ( n-k-1 ) \ in ( n-k ) .
Simpler set-theoretic definition of the ordered pair The axiom of regularity enables defining the ordered pair ( a , b ) as .
The axiom of regularity was also shown to be independent from the other axioms of ZF ( C ) , assuming they are consistent .
wrote that " The idea of rank is a descendant of Russell 's concept of type " .
( The others are Mac OS X , Solaris and HP-UX . )
AIX was the first operating system to utilize journaling file system s , and IBM has continuously enhanced the software with features like processor , disk and network virtualization , dynamic hardware resource allocation ( including fractional processor units ) , and reliability engineering ported from its mainframe designs .
A beta test version of AIX 5L for IA-64 systems was released , but according to documents released in the SCO v. IBM lawsuit , less than forty licenses for the finished Monterey Unix were ever sold before the project was terminated in 2002 .
The ability to run older versions of AIX as a WPAR keeps the opportunity to continue using 5.2 where the hardware does n't support it .
AIX v3 innovated in several ways on the software side .
This self-tuning feature results in optimized performance without administrative effort .
These systems were more or less based on the Power Macintosh hardware available at the time but were designed to use AIX ( versions 4.1.4 or 4.1.5 ) as their native operating system in a specialized version specific to the ANS .
The relatively slow speed of AppleTalk allowed further reductions in cost .
There was no need for the wires to be connected back together into a loop , nor the need for hubs or other devices .
Apple would later use this in an advertisement showing a network being created between two seats in an airplane .
PhoneNet allowed AppleTalk networks to be connected together using normal telephone wires , and with very little extra work , it could even use existing wires already being used for phones .
In these systems the external adaptor also included its own clock , and used that to signal the SCC 's clock input pins .
The release 's new networking stack also expanded the system to allow a full 255 nodes per LAN .
This FriendlyNet system was based on the industry-standard Attachment Unit Interface or AUI , but deliberately chose a non-standard connector that was smaller and easier to use , which they called " Apple AUI " , or AAUI .
As with LocalTalk , a number of 3rd party FriendlyNet adaptors quickly appeared .
The concept was to allow routers to provide the information or " hardwire " the system to known addresses and names .
This can be mitigated somewhat by insistence on using CNAME records indicating service rather than actual machine names to refer to the service , but there is no way of guaranteeing that users will follow such a convention .
Exactly-once mode was essential for operations which were not idempotent ; in this mode , the responder kept a copy of the response buffers in memory until successful receipt of a release packet from the requestor , or until a timeout elapsed .
All application-level protocols , including the infrastructure protocols NBP , RTMP and ZIP , were built on top of DDP .
After it is identified as an AEP packet , it is forwarded to the node where the packet is examined by the DDP at the destination .
The topology was a bus : cables were daisy-chained from each connected machine to the next , up to the maximum of 32 permitted on any LocalTalk segment .
Apple introduced the AppleTalk PC Card in early 1987 , allowing PCs to join AppleTalk networks and print to LaserWriter printers .
Apple DOS was superseded by ProDOS , which supported a hierarchical filesystem and larger storage devices .
At the height of its evolution , towards the late 1980s , the platform had the graphical look of a hybrid of the Apple II and Macintosh with the introduction of the Apple IIGS .
Despite the introduction of the Motorola 68000-based Apple Lisa system in 1983 , and its more successful cousin the Macintosh in 1984 , the relatively unsophisticated Apple II series was Apple 's primary revenue source for most of the following decade .
At its peak , it was a billion-dollar-a-year industry with its associated community of third-party developers and retailers .
Models Early II-series models were usually designated " Apple ] [ " ; later models " Apple / / " , plus a letter suffix .
The Apple II used several engineering shortcuts to save hardware and reduce costs .
The coarse , low-resolution graphics display mode worked differently , as it could output a short burst of high-frequency signal per pixel to offer more color options .
The original Apple II was discontinued at the start of 1981 , having been superseded by the II + .
Apple II Plus The Apple II Plus , introduced in June 1979 , included the Applesoft BASIC programming language in ROM .
The power supply was modified to accept the local voltage , and in the European and Australian model the video output signal was changed from color NTSC to monochrome PAL – an extra video card was needed for color PAL graphics , since the simple tricks Wozniak had used to generate a pseudo-NTSC signal with minimal hardware did not carry over to the more complex PAL system .
Production of the Europlus ended in 1983 .
Two and a half years before the Apple IIe , Apple had produced and marketed a computer called the Apple III for business users .
The computer also included a 32-voice Ensoniq 5503 , ' wavetable ' sample-based music synthesizer chip with 64 kB dedicated RAM , 256 kB of standard RAM , built-in peripheral ports ( switchable between IIe-style card slots and IIc-style onboard controllers for disk drives , mouse , RGB video , and serial devices ) , built-in AppleTalk networking , and a ROM toolbox that supported a graphical user interface derived from the Macintosh toolbox .
However , with its 3.5-inch drive and speedy processor , it was an excellent , compact machine for running the AppleWorks integrated productivity package , especially with the 1 MB memory upgrade .
Apple IIe Card Although not an extension of the Apple II line , in 1990 the Apple IIe Card , an expansion card for the LC line of Macintosh computers , was released .
Even after the Macintosh 's introduction , the Apple II had remained the company 's primary revenue source for years .
In 1981 , Chiat-Day acquired Regis McKenna 's advertising operations and Apple used Chiat-Day .
Ever since the original Apple II , Apple has paid high attention to its quality of packaging , partly because of Steve Jobs ' personal preferences and opinions on packaging and final product appearance .
Towards the end of 1982 , art director Brent Thomas and Steve Hayden came up with the idea of doing an advertising campaign based on the timely tagline " Why 1984 will not be like 1984 " .
Chiat-Day shopped it around to a number of clients , including Apple , where it was proposed to be used for a print ad in the Wall Street Journal promoting the Apple II .
They were very expensive and hard to obtain and were produced primarily for usage in early computerized digital telephone systems and for education .
An Australian-produced clone of the Apple II was the Medfly , named after the Mediterranean fruit fly that attacks apples .
( Another approach was to purchase a legitimate Apple II , disassemble it into parts ( i.e. keyboard , power supply , motherboard , case ) , which were legal to import into Brazil , and reassemble them in country . )
Unitron stopped manufacturing the ApII a few years after the introduction of IBM PC clones in Brazil .
Apple fought Franklin in court for about five years to get its clones off the market , and was ultimately successful when a court ruled that software stored in ROM was in fact copyrightable in the U.S. ( See Apple Computer , Inc. v. Franklin Computer Corp. ) Franklin later released non-infringing but less-compatible clones ; these could run ProDOS and AppleWorks and had an Applesoft-like BASIC , but compatibility with other software was hit-or-miss .
Ham radio operators used the cassette input to receive slow scan TV ( single frame images ) .
The initial price of the Disk II drive and controller was $ 595 USD , although a $ 100 off coupon was available through the Apple newsletter " Contact " .
( This upgrade was user-installable as two PROMs on older controllers . )
Most game publishers did not include DOS on their floppy disks , since they needed the memory it occupied more than its capabilities ; instead , they often wrote their own boot loaders and read-only file systems .
In addition , software companies would have had to pay Apple licensing fees to include DOS on their disks .
Early on , diskette manufacturers routinely warned that this technique would damage the read/write head of the drives or wear out the disk faster , and these warnings were frequently repeated in magazines of the day .
The IIGS and IIc Plus were rendered in small caps .
Commercial cracking software such as the popular Copy II + program were sold in stores with the purpose of creating legitimate back-ups of protected software .
For those who prefer to obtain their old software legally , the Lost Classics Project has the goal of convincing copyright holders of classic Apple II software to officially allow unrestricted free distribution of their software and has " freed " a number of programs .
Industry impact The Apple II series of computers had an enormous impact on the technology industry and on everyday life .
Its price was within the reach of many middle-class families , and a partnership with MECC helped make the Apple II popular in schools .
The popularity of these PCs and their clones then transformed business again with LAN applications such as e-mail and later Internet applications such as Usenet and the WWW .
A revised spiral bound guide released several years later with updated information had to be purchased separately , and in the case of the Apple IIGS , the full technical documentation ran to several volumes .
Well into the 1990s every clean-room ( the super-clean facility where spacecraft are prepared for flight ) at the Kennedy Space Center used an Apple II to monitor the environment and air quality .

Development work on the Apple III started in late 1978 under the guidance of Dr. Wendell Sander .
In the end , an estimated 65,000 – 75,000 Apple III computers were sold .
The Apple III addressed these weaknesses .
The Apple III was powered by a 1.8 MHz Synertek 6502A or B 8-bit CPU and , like some of the more advanced machines in the Apple II family , used bank switching techniques to address up to 256 KB of memory .
Unlike the Apple II , the Disk III controller was built into the logic board .
Software A major limitation of the Apple II and DOS 3.3 was the way it addressed resources , which made it highly desirable for peripherals to be installed in standardized locations ( slot 5 and 6 reserved for storage devices , slot 2 reserved for serial communication interfaces , etc. ) This forced the user to identify a peripheral by its physical location , such as PR # 6 , CATALOG , D1 , and so on .
Apple SOS also allowed the full capacity of a storage device to be used as a single volume , such as the Apple ProFile hard disk drive .
The program was developed by ON THREE , a large Apple III user group .
The logic board used " fineline " technology that was not fully mature at the time , with narrow , closely spaced traces .
Insertions and deletions may require the tree to be rebalanced by one or more tree rotation s. The AVL tree is named after its two Soviet inventors , G. M. Adelson-Velskii and E. M. Landis , who published it in their 1962 paper " An algorithm for the organization of information " .
Operations Basic operations of an AVL tree involve carrying out the same actions as would be carried out on an unbalanced binary search tree , but modifications are followed by zero or more operations called tree rotation s , which help to restore the height balance of the subtrees .
However , if balance factor becomes less than -1 or greater than +1 , the subtree rooted at this node is unbalanced .
There are four cases which need to be considered , of which two are symmetric to the other two .
Otherwise , replace it with either the largest in its left sub tree ( in order predecessor ) or the smallest in its right sub tree ( in order successor ) , and remove that node .
The node that was found as a replacement has at most one sub tree .
The retracing can stop if the balance factor becomes − 1 or +1 indicating that the height of that subtree has remained unchanged .
This is in contrast to an insertion where a rotation resulting in a balance factor of 0 indicated that the subtree 's height has remained unchanged .
The simplest aliphatic compound is methane ( C H 4 ) .
It was accepted in political and academic contexts , and was connected with other studies , such as astronomy , alchemy , meteorology , and medicine .
At the end of the 17th century , new scientific concepts in astronomy and physics ( such as heliocentrism and Newtonian mechanics ) called astrology into question , and subsequent controlled studies failed to confirm its predictive value .
Principles and practice Advocates have defined astrology as a symbolic language , an art form , a science , and a method of divination .
Although most cultural systems of astrology share common roots in ancient philosophies that influenced each other , many have unique methodologies which differ from those developed in the West .
Along with tarot divination , astrology is one of the core studies of Western esotericism , and as such has influenced systems of magical belief not only among Western esotericists and Hermeticists , but also belief systems such as Wicca that have borrowed from or been influenced by the Western esoteric tradition .
However , there is controversy about whether they were genuinely recorded at the time or merely ascribed to ancient rulers by posterity .
Knowledge of Arabic texts started to become imported into Europe during the Latin translations of the 12th century , the effect of which was to help initiate the European Renaissance .
The War Office was " interested to know what Hitler 's own astrologers would be telling him from week to week " .
It is commonly used for daily life , particularly in matters concerning marriage and career , and makes extensive use of electional , horary and karmic astrology .
Indian politics has also been influenced by astrology .
In February 2011 , the Bombay High Court reaffirmed astrology 's standing in India when it dismissed a case which had challenged its status as a science .
The majority of professional astrologers rely on performing astrology-based personality tests and making relevant predictions about the remunerator 's future .
The former astrologer , and scientist , Geoffrey Dean and psychologist Ivan Kelly conducted a large scale scientific test , involving more than one hundred cognitive , behavioral , physical and other variables , but found no support for astrology .
Ten of the tests , which had a total of 300 participants , involved subjects picking the correct chart interpretation out of a number of others which were not the astrologically correct chart interpretation ( usually 3 to 5 others ) .
The astrologers performed much worse than merely basing decisions off the individuals age , and much worse than 45 control subjects who did not use birth charts at all .

Abyssinia may refer to : See also

An extension L/K is algebraic if and only if every sub K-algebra of L is a field .

[[2126]]
Life and career DiFranco was born in Buffalo , New York , the daughter of Elizabeth ( Ross ) and Dante Americo DiFranco , who had met while attending MIT .
Says DiFranco about the album : " When I listen to my new record , I hear a very relaxed me , which I think has been absent in a lot of my recorded canon .
My partner Mike Napolitano co-produced this record – my guitar and voice have never sounded better , and that ’s because of him .
I ’ve got this great band and crew .
As of 2008 her backing band consists of Todd Sickafoose on upright bass , Allison Miller on drums , and Mike Dillon on percussion and vibes .
It includes collaborations with Pete Seeger , Ivan Neville , Cyril Neville , Skerik , Adam Levy , Righteous Babe recording artist Anaïs Mitchell , CC Adcock , and a host of New Orleans-based horn players known for their work in such outfits as Galactic , Bonerama , and Rebirth Brass Band .
In 1998 , she married sound engineer Andrew Gilchrist in a Unitarian Universalist service in Canada , overseen by folk singer Utah Phillips .
She delivers many of her lines in a speaking style notable for its rhythmic variation .
I 'm an atheist .
Also known as the D-Backs , Arizona has one World Series title , in 2001 , becoming the fastest expansion team in the majors to win a championship , doing it in only the fourth season since their expansion in 1998 .
Their first logo was an italicizes block letter " A " with a diamond pattern and a snake 's tongue .
It was used on a solid black cap , which in the beginning , was worn as a road cap .
The team also kept the " D " logo , but was slightly altered and put on an all red cap to be used as their game cap .
Diamondbacks broadcasters The primary television play-by-play voice for the team 's first nine seasons of play was Thom Brennaman , who also broadcasts baseball and college football games nationally for Fox Television .
The English language flagship radio station is KTAR .
Sutton was signed to a five-year contract with a team option for three more years .
Sutton 's father is Hall of Fame pitcher and current Atlanta Braves broadcaster Don Sutton .
Former Diamondback player ( and current Diamondbacks minority owner ) Matt Williams also does color commentary on occasion , as does former Cardinals and NBC broadcast legend Joe Garagiola , Sr. , a longtime Phoenix-area resident and father of Joe Garagiola , Jr. , the first GM of the Diamondbacks ( as head of the Maricopa County Sports Authority in the early 1990s , Garagiola , Jr. was one of the primary people involved in Phoenix obtaining a Major League Baseball franchise ) .
On June 21 , 2012 , Daron Sutton was suspended indefinitely , amidst rumors of insubordination .
* Played as Diamondbacks catcher Retired numbers On June 23 , 2010 , the Diamondbacks announced that the team would retire its first jersey number by honoring Luis Gonzalez .
Gonzalez played with the Diamondbacks for eight seasons , 1999 to 2006 , attended five All-Star games representing the team and had the game-winning hit to win the first World Series in franchise history .
His number , # 20 , was retired in a pre-game ceremony which was held at Chase Field on August 7 , 2010 in front of a sellout crowd of 48,946 .
Aesthetics ( also spelled æsthetics ) is a branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of art , beauty , and taste , with the creation and appreciation of beauty .
It is more scientifically defined as the study of sensory or sensori-emotional values , sometimes called judgment s of sentiment and taste .
Greek philosophers initially felt that aesthetically appealing objects were beautiful in and of themselves .
He felt that beautiful objects incorporated proportion , harmony , and unity among their parts .
Indian aesthetics Indian art evolved with an emphasis on inducing special spiritual or philosophical states in the audience , or with representing them symbolically .
According to Kapila Vatsyayan , " Classical Indian architecture , sculpture , painting , literature ( kāvya ) , music , and dancing evolved their own rules conditioned by their respective media , but they shared with one another not only the underlying spiritual beliefs of the Indian religio-philosophic mind , but also the procedures by which the relationships of the symbol and the spiritual states were worked out in detail . "
In the Pan Indian philosophic thought the term ' Satyam Shivam Sundaram ' is another name for the concept of the Supreme . '
Eight rasas and associated bhāvas are named and their enjoyment is likened to savoring a meal : rasa is the enjoyment of flavors that arise from the proper preparation of ingredients and the quality of ingredients .
Abhinavagupta likens it to the string of a jeweled necklace ; while it may not be the most appealing for most people , it is the string that gives form to the necklace , allowing the jewels of the other eight rasas to be relished .
Human or animal depiction is generally forbidden .
Medieval aesthetics in the realm of philosophy built upon Classical thought , continuing the practice of Plotinus by employing theological terminology in its explications .
With the shift from the Middle Ages to the Renaissance , art likewise changed its focus , as much in its content as in its mode of expression .
German and British thinkers emphasised beauty as the key component of art and of the aesthetic experience , and saw art as necessarily aiming at absolute beauty .
He travelled across the United States spreading the idea of Aesthetics in a speech called " The English Renaissance . "
Post-modern aesthetics and psychoanalysis Early-twentieth-century artists , poets and composers challenged existing notions of beauty , broadening the scope of art and aesthetics .
The challenge to the assumption that beauty was central to art and aesthetics , thought to be original , is actually continuous with older aesthetic theory ; Aristotle was the first in the Western tradition to classify " beauty " into types as in his theory of drama , and Kant made a distinction between beauty and the sublime .
Following Freud and Merleau-Ponty , Jacques Lacan theorized aesthetics in terms of sublimation and the Thing Guy Sircello pioneered efforts in analytic philosophy to develop a rigorous theory of aesthetics , focusing on the concepts of beauty , love and sublimity .
A reinforcement learning algorithm is used to maximize future expected reward by learning to execute action sequences that cause additional interesting input data with yet unknown but learnable predictability or regularity .
Applied aesthetics As well as being applied to art , aesthetics can also be applied to cultural objects .
It can also be used in topics as diverse as mathematics , gastronomy , fashion and website design .
Aesthetic ethics Aesthetic ethics refers to the idea that human conduct and behaviour ought to be governed by that which is beautiful and attractive .
The contemporary view of beauty is not based on innate qualities , but rather on cultural specifics and individual interpretations .
These unconscious reactions may even be partly constitutive of what makes our judgment a judgment that the landscape is sublime .
Evaluations of beauty may well be linked to desirability , perhaps even to sexual desirability .
In a current context , one might judge a Lamborghini to be beautiful partly because it is desirable as a status symbol , or we might judge it to be repulsive partly because it signifies for us over-consumption and offends our political or moral values .
This goes back at least to Kant , with some echoes even in St. Bonaventure .
Often , if the skill is being used in a functional object , people will consider it a craft instead of art , a suggestion which is highly disputed by many Contemporary Craft thinkers .
The cubists , dada ists , Stravinsky , and many later art movements struggled against this conception that beauty was central to the definition of art , with such success that , according to Danto , " Beauty had disappeared not only from the advanced art of the 1960 's but from the advanced philosophy of art of that decade as well . "
A further approach , elaborated by André Malraux in works such as The Voices of Silence , is that art is fundamentally a response to a metaphysical question ( ' Art ' , he writes , ' is an ' anti-destiny ' ) .
Functionalists like Monroe Beardsley argue that whether or not a piece counts as art depends on what function it plays in a particular context ; the same Greek vase may play a non-artistic function in one context ( carrying wine ) , and an artistic function in another context ( helping us to appreciate the beauty of the human figure ) . '
These problems have been made even more difficult by the rise of conceptual art since the 1960s .
A class of objects ?
What should art be like ?
Art makes us more moral .
For the audience ?
Rules of composition " that might be read into Duchamp 's Fountain or John Cage 's 4 ′ 33 ″ do not locate the works in a recognizable style ( or certainly not a style recognizable at the time of the works ' realisation ) .
The Ark of the Covenant ( ʾĀrôn Habbərît , modern pron .
Aron Habrit ) , also known as the Ark of the Testimony , is a chest described in the Book of Exodus as containing the Tablets of Stone on which the Ten Commandments were inscribed .
The Book of Exodus gives detailed instructions on how the Ark is to be constructed .
Then it is to be plated entirely with gold , and a crown or molding of gold is to be put around it .
Whenever the Israelites camped , the Ark was placed in a special and sacred tent , called the Tabernacle .
The Ark was again set up by Joshua at Shiloh , but when the Israelites fought against Benjamin at Gibeah , they had the Ark with them and consulted it after their defeat .
In the second battle , the Israelites were again defeated , and the Philistines captured the Ark ( 1 Sam .
The next morning Dagon was found prostrate , bowed down , before it ; and on being restored to his place , he was on the following morning again found prostrate and broken .
The Bethshemites sent to Kirjath-jearim , or Baal-Judah , to have the Ark removed ( 1 Sam .
6:21 ) ; and it was taken to the house of Abinadab , whose son Eleazar was sanctified to keep it .
In the days of King David At the beginning of his reign , King David removed the Ark from Kirjath-jearim amid great rejoicing .
8:11 ) .
King Josiah also had the Ark put in the Temple ( 2 Chron .
2 Maccabees 2:4 -8 Christian New Testament In the New Testament , the Ark is mentioned in the Letter to the Hebrews and the Revelation to St. John .
Lemba tradition maintains that the Ark spent some time in Sena in Yemen .
Phillips claims it remained there until the 1180s , when Ralph de Sudeley , the leader of the Templars found the Maccabean treasure at Jebel al-Madhbah , returned home to his estate at Herdewyke in Warwickshire , England taking the treasure with him .
Gregory the Great in an epistle simplified the Latinized name Anglii to Angli , the latter form developing into the preferred form of the word .
He gives no precise indication of their geographical situation but states that , together with six other tribes , they worshiped Nerthus , or Mother Earth , whose sanctuary was located on " an island in the Ocean " .
These Suevi Angili would have been in Lower Saxony or near it , but they are not coastal .
South of the Saxons , and east of the Elbe , Ptolemy lists " Ouirounoi " ( latinized as Viruni ) and Teutonoari , which either denotes " men " ( wer ) ; i.e. , " the Teuton men " , or else it denotes people living in the area where the Teutons had previously lived ( who Ptolemy places still living to the east of the Teutonoari ) .
Ptolemy describes the coast to the east of the Saxons as inhabited by the Farodini , a name not known from any other sources .
Owing to the uncertainty of this passage , there has been much speculation regarding the original home of the Anglii .
Similar evidence is given by the Historia Brittonum .
In the Norwegian seafarer Ohthere of Hålogaland 's account of a two-day voyage from the Oslo fjord to Schleswig , he reported the lands on his starboard bow , and Alfred appended the note " on these islands dwelt the Engle before they came hither " .
Supposedly , this encounter inspired the Pope to launch a mission to bring Christianity to their countrymen .
Of still greater importance are the great deposits at Thorsberg moor ( in Angeln ) and Nydam , which contained large quantities of arms , ornaments , articles of clothing , agricultural implements , etc. , and in Nydam even ships .

[[2137]]
Later it was sold ready to use .
Models Three models were sold .
The second incarnation was a much smaller unit the width of two 5 ¼ " floppy drives stacked on top of each other , and the third incarnation looked like a flattened Apple with a built-in keyboard .
The floppy disk interface supported dual density , and disk capacities up to 800 KB , more than four times the capacity of the original TRS-80 .
The director of the company was interested in Microprocessor technology and noticed there was a market for selling kits to computer building amateurs , so they started selling electronic kits to hobbyists , and employed four persons at that time .
However the original kit version lacked many features that prevented its use as a serious computer system .
The " dual boot mode " BIOS actually discovered whether a TRS-DOS , or Aster CP/M disk was placed in the drive , and would , depending on the type of disk , reorganise the internal memory architecture of the system , to either be 100 % TRS-80 compatible or optimally support CP/M , with as much " workspace " as possible , and the 80x25 video mode .
The aster was chosen for Dutch schools by the Dutch ministry of education , in a set-up with eight disk-less Asters , and one Aster with high capacity floppy drives all connected by a LAN based on the Asters high-speed serial port hardware , and special cables that permitted that any single computer on the LAN could broadcast to all other computers .
The floppy based system was operated by the teacher who could send programs from his floppy disk , and data , to the student 's disk-less systems thanks to the special BIOS in those systems .
In theory the system could support the Z80 and the 8086 simultaneously .

The Braves are a member of the Eastern Division of Major League Baseball 's National League .
The club is one of the National League 's two remaining charter franchises ( the other being the Chicago Cubs ) and was founded in Boston , Massachusetts , in 1871 as the Boston Red Stockings ( not to be confused with the American League 's Boston Red Sox ) .
They are considered " the oldest continuously playing team in major North American sports . "
Two young players hired away from the Forest City club of Rockford , Illinois , turned out to be the biggest stars during the NAPBBP years : pitcher Al Spalding ( founder of Spalding sporting goods ) and second baseman Ross Barnes .
Although somewhat stripped of talent in the National League 's inaugural year , Boston bounced back to win the 1877 and 1878 pennants .
The American League club 's owner , Charles Taylor , wasted little time in adopting Red Sox as his team 's first official nickname ( up to that point they had been called by the generic " Americans " ) .
It was the largest park in the majors at the time , with 40,000 seats and a very spacious outfield .
Fuchs was committed to building a winner , but the damage from the years prior to his arrival took some time to overcome .
Fuchs made Ruth team vice president , and promised him a share of the profits .
In fact , Ruth discovered that Fuchs expected him to invest some of his money in the team .
After five uneven years , a new owner , construction magnate Lou Perini , changed the nickname back to the Braves .
World War II slowed things down a little , but the team rode the pitching of Warren Spahn to impressive seasons in 1946 and 1947 .
The 1948 World Series , which the Braves lost in six games to the Indians , turned out to be the Braves ' last hurrah in Boston .
Bill Veeck had tried to return his St. Louis Browns there earlier the same year ( Milwaukee was the original home of that franchise ) , but his proposal had been voted down by the other American League owners .
But the Yankees stormed back to take the last three games , in large part to World Series MVP Bob Turley 's pitching .
The Dodgers would go on to defeat the Chicago White Sox in the World Series .
The next season , Aaron again hit 44 home runs and notched 130 RBI , and Spahn was once again the ace of the staff , going 23 – 7 .
Almost immediately Bartholomay started shopping the Braves to a larger television market .
Atlanta 1966 – 1974The Braves were a .500 team in their first few years in Atlanta ; 85 – 77 in 1966 , 77 – 85 in 1967 , and 81 – 81 in 1968 .
The 1967 season was the Braves ' first losing season since 1952 , their last year in Boston .
In the meantime , fans had to be satisfied with the achievements of Hank Aaron .
Throughout the winter he received racially motivated death threats , but stood up well under the pressure .
On May 11 , 1977 , Turner appointed himself manager , but because MLB passed a rule in the 1950s barring managers from holding a financial stake in their teams , Turner was ordered to relinquish that position after one game ( the Braves lost 2 – 1 to the Pittsburgh Pirates to bring their losing streak to 17 games ) .
He promoted 22-year-old slugger Dale Murphy into the starting lineup .
Murphy hit 77 home runs over the next three seasons but he struggled on defense , unable to adeptly play either catcher or first base .
In 1993 , the Braves signed Cy Young Award winning pitcher Greg Maddux from the Chicago Cubs , leading many baseball insiders to declare the team 's pitching staff the best in baseball .
However , the Braves fell in the NLCS to the Philadelphia Phillies in six games .
In 2001 , Atlanta won the National League East division yet again , swept the Houston Astros in the NLDS , then lost to the Arizona Diamondbacks in the National League Championship Series four games to one .
Chris Burke ended the marathon with a home run off of Joey Devine .
They won five straight , sweeping the Padres and taking two from the Cardinals , tallying a total of 65 runs in that span .
He served as the Braves ' closer for the remainder of the season , taking over for an embattled Jorge Sosa , who was subsequently traded on the July 31 trade deadline for St. Louis minor league pitcher Rich Scalamandre .
The deal included the exchange of the Braves , valued in the deal at $ 450 million , a hobbyist magazine publishing company , and $ 980 million cash , for 68.5 million shares of Time Warner stock held by Liberty Media , then worth approximately $ 1.48 billion .
The Braves also acquired Octavio Dotel from the Kansas City Royals for Kyle Davies and also traded LHP Wilfredo Ledezma and RHP Will Startup to the San Diego Padres for Royce Ring .
After struggling during the second half of the 2007 season , Atlanta finished over .500 and missed the post season again .
2008 : Injury plagued In December 2007 , the team announced it would not re-sign center fielder Andruw Jones ( who later would sign with the Dodgers ) .
Another major move was acquiring CF Gorkys Hernández and RHP Jair Jurrjens from the Detroit Tigers in exchange for SS Edgar Rentería and cash considerations .
On February 25 , 2009 , just before the start of spring training , Atlanta agreed to terms on a one-year contract with free-agent outfielder Garret Anderson .
The Braves franchise became the third franchise in MLB history to reach 10,000 wins with their win over the Washington Nationals on July 15 , 2011 .
The nearest team trailing them , the St. Louis Cardinals , who also trailed the National League Central - leading Milwaukee Brewers by games at the time , were considered a long-shot to gain a spot in the postseason .
The Braves also lost many key players through trades or free agency , including pitcher Derek Lowe , shortstop Alex González , and outfielder Nate McLouth .
To compensate for this , the team went on to receive many key players such as outfielder Michael Bourn , along with shortstops Tyler Pastornicky and Andrelton Simmons .
The player names consist of white lettering sewn to a red nameplate .
Introduced in 2005 , the red jerseys were originally worn for Sunday home games .
There is no piping around the sleeves .
The cream pants include piping identical to the jersey down the outside seam .
The gray road uniforms are the primary road uniform .
After the 2004 season , longtime radio flagship station 750 WSB was replaced by WGST 640AM .
Due to WGST 's weak signal at night , which fails to cover the entire Atlanta metropolitan area , all games began to be simulcast on FM radio when the rights were transferred .

The Atari ST was also the first personal computer to come with a bit-mapped color GUI , using a version of Digital Research 's GEM released that February .
Amiga ran out of capital to complete Lorraine 's development , and Atari , owned by Warner Communications , paid Amiga to continue development work .
This started the move to the 68000 .
Amiga Corp. had sought more monetary support from investors in spring 1984 ( among them Tramel Technology , which wished to replace nearly everyone at Amiga ) .
Commodore and Amiga Having heard rumors that Tramiel was negotiating to buy Atari , Amiga Corp. entered into discussions with Commodore .
The discussions led to Commodore wanting to purchase Amiga Corporation outright , which Commodore believed would cancel any outstanding contracts , including Atari 's .
Another possibility was Digital Research , who were working on a new GUI-based system then known as Crystal , soon to become GEM .
Atari 's Leonard Tramiel was the Atari person overseeing " Project Jason " ( aka — The Operating System ) for the Atari ST line of computers .
Many observers were amazed by Atari 's rapid development of the ST but others were more skeptical , citing the ST 's " cheap " appearance , the poor relations Commodore under Tramiel had had with software developers , and Atari 's uncertain financial health .
The machine had gone from concept to store shelves in a little under a year .
Color was required by a majority of games .
However , GDOS was not ready at the time the ST started shipping , and was included in software packages and later ST machines .
These fonts also featured two additions : On the plus side , the ST was less expensive than most machines , including the Macintosh Plus , and tended to be faster than most ( external link : price comparison ) .
The keyboard had soft tactile feedback and rhomboid-shaped function keys across the top .
Port connections The 520ST featured a large number of ports mounted at the rear of the machine .
When the list price was reduced to $ 999 in the U.S. it appeared on the cover of BYTE in March 1986 as the first computer to break the $ 1000/megabyte price barrier .
It also shipped with TOS 2.00 ( better support for hard drives , enhanced desktop interface , memory test , 1.44 MB floppy support , bug fixes ) .
Although the 68030 microprocessor was capable of using 32-bit memory , the Falcon used a 16-bit bus which affected performance , but also served to reduce its cost .
There are accelerator cards , such as the CT60 & CT63 , which is a 68060 based accelerator card for the Falcon , and there is the Atari Coldfire Project , which aims at developing an Atari-clone based on the Coldfire processor .
One paint program , Spectrum 512 , used the ST 's rapid palette switching ability to expand the maximum number of colors to be displayed on-screen at once to 512 ( up to 46 in each scan line — the STE never had a Spectrum4096 , but other more minor applications filled this speciality niche , one even going so far as to program the shifter chip to palette shift at a rate enabling a display of 19200 colours ) .
Office Productivity and graphics software was also bundled with the ST ( HyperPaint II by Dimitri Koveos , HyperDraw by David Farmborough , 3D-Calc spreadsheet by Frank Schoonjans , and several others commissioned by Bob Katz , later of Electronic Arts ) .
After running the PC-Ditto software , you had to insert a DOS boot disk to load the system .

At age 12 , Aaliyah signed with Jive Records and her uncle Barry Hankerson 's Blackground Records .
Aaliyah is estimated to have sold 24 to 32 million albums worldwide .
As a child , Aaliyah traveled with Knight and worked with an agent in New York to audition for commercials and television programs , including Family Matters ; she went on to appear on Star Search at the age of nine .
Shortly after , there was speculation about a secret marriage with the release of " Age Ai n't Nothing but a Number " and the adult content that Kelly had written for Aaliyah .
One in a Million peaked at number 18 on the Billboard 200 , selling over 3.7 million copies in the United States and over eight million copies worldwide .
During this time , Aaliyah participated in the Children 's Benefit Concert , a charity concert that took place at the Beacon Theatre in New York .
The soundtrack went on to sell 1.5 million copies in the United States .
Funeral and wrongful death lawsuit Aaliyah 's funeral was held on August 31 , 2001 , at the St. Ignatius Loyola Church in New York City .
Barry & Sons , Inc. , a corporation formed in 1992 to develop , promote and capitalize Aaliyah and to oversee the production and distribution of her records and music videos , brought an unsuccessful lawsuit in the New York Supreme Court against Instinct Productions LLC , the company that was hired in August 2001 to produce the music video for " Rock the Boat " .
The song peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number two on the Billboard Hot R&B / Hip-Hop Songs chart .
Aaliyah was signed to appear in several future films , including Honey , a romantic film titled Some Kind of Blue , and a Whitney Houston - produced remake of the 1976 film Sparkle . Before her death , Aaliyah had filmed part of her role in The Matrix Reloaded and was scheduled to appear in The Matrix Revolutions as Zee .
A documentary movie Aaliyah Live in Amsterdam was released in 2011. , shortly before the tenth anniversary of Aaliyah 's death .
We 've seen the reports surfacing that they have been confirmed to participate but that is not the case .
Both Missy and Timbaland are very sensitive to the loss still being felt by the family so we wanted to clear up any misinformation being circulated . "
Elliott herself said , " Tim and I carry Aaliyah with us everyday , like so many of the people who love her .
Artistry Voice and style Aaliyah had the vocal range of a soprano .
Though Aaliyah did not write any of her own material , her lyrics were described as in-depth .
Jackson also stated she would have enjoyed collaborating with Aaliyah .
Steve Huey of AllMusic wrote Aaliyah ranks among the " elite " artists of the R&B genre , as she " played a major role in popularizing the stuttering , futuristic production style that consumed hip-hop and urban soul in the late '90s . "
Kelefah Sanneh of The New York Times wrote that rather than being the song 's focal point , Aaliyah " knew how to disappear into the music , how to match her voice to the bass line " , and consequently " helped change the way popular music sounds ; the twitchy , beat-driven songs of Destiny 's Child owe a clear debt to ' Are You That Somebody ' . "
, after which Utada released her debut album First Love with heavy R&B influences .
For much of military history the manufacture of metal armour in Europe has dominated the technology and employment of armour .
Also , modern militaries usually do not equip their forces with the best armour available , since it would be prohibitively expensive .
The samurai warriors of feudal Japan utilized many types of armour for hundreds of years up to the 19th century .
Japanese lamellar armour ( keiko ) passed through Korea and reached Japan around the 5th century .
In the early years of low velocity firearms , full suits of armour , or breast plates actually stopped bullets fired from a modest distance .
For most of that period , it allowed horsemen to fight while being the targets of defending arquebuseers without being easily killed .
It was the only way they could be mounted and survey the overall battlefield with safety from distant musket fire .
Tokyo National Museum .
In modern armoured warfare , armoured units equipped with tanks and infantry fighting vehicle s serve the historic role of both the battle cavalry , light cavalry and dragoon s , and belong to the armoured branch .
Churchill and many of the train 's garrison were captured , though many others escaped , including wounded placed on the train 's engine .
Armoured cars were put into use by the British on the Western Front .
AircraftWith the development of effective anti-aircraft artillery in the period before the Second World War , military pilots , once the " knights of the air " during the First World War , became far more vulnerable to ground fire .
The light tank s that were the last descendants of the light cavalry during the Second World War have almost completely disappeared from the world 's militaries due to increased lethality of the weapons available to the vehicle-mounted infantry .
Successful general-purpose armoured fighting vehicles often also serve as the base of a whole family of specialized vehicles , for example , the M113 and MT-LB tracked carriers , and the MOWAG Piranha wheeled AFV .
Horse Drawn War wagon The war wagon was a medieval development during the Hussite Wars around 1420 by Hussite forces rebelling in Bohemia .
The need to provide the units that would fight alongside the tank led to the development of the wide range of AFVs that exist today , with most armies having vehicles to carry infantry , artillery and anti-aircraft weapon ry by the end of World War II .
A trend toward composite armour is taking place in place of steel - composites are stronger for a given weight , allowing the tank to be lighter for the same protection as steel armour , or better protected for the same weight .
Though several configurations have been tried , particularly in the early experimental days of tank development , a standard , mature design configuration has since emerged to a generally accepted pattern .
Philosophically , the tank is , by its very nature , an offensive weapon .
It is distinguished by its high level of firepower , mobility and armour protection relative to other vehicles of its era .
Vision blocks , ballistic glass and window shutters and outside surveillance cameras allow protected observation from within the vehicle .
Such modifications usually consist of the grafting of armour plating and weapon systems .
The up-armoured M1114 Humvee variant can be seen as an adaptation of the unarmoured Humvee to serve in the IMV role .
M113IraqiFreedom .
The VAB ( Véhicule de l'Avant Blindé - " Armoured Vanguard Vehicle " ) is a fully amphibious armoured personnel carrier powered in the water by two water jets , that entered service in 1976 and produced in numerous configurations , ranging from basic personnel carrier , anti-tank missile platform .
Armoured engineering vehicle Typically based on the platform of a main battle tank , these vehicles go by different names depending upon the country of use or manufacture .
However , this is not a universal attribute : some exceptionally sturdy 6x6 or 8x8 truck chassis have lent themselves to bridge-layer applications .
Specific weapon systems used include machine guns , autocannons , larger guns , or missiles , and some mount both guns and longer-ranged missiles .
Platforms used include both trucks and heavier combat vehicles such as APCs and tanks , which add protection from aircraft , artillery , and small arms fire for front line deployment .
It is also lighter and can be taken to places that self-propelled guns can not reach , so despite the advantages of the self-propelled artillery , towed guns remain in the arsenal s of many modern armies .
Assault gun carriage An assault gun is a gun or howitzer mounted on a motor vehicle or armoured chassis , designed for use in the direct fire role in support of infantry when attacking other infantry or fortified positions .
Mortar carriers can not be fired while on the move and some must be dismounted to fire .
Only later in World War II did the Allies deploy similar weapons in the form of the Land Mattress .
Biography Born in Munich , Drexler was a machine-fitter before becoming a railway locksmith in Berlin in 1902 .
Hitler returned to Munich on 11 July and angrily tendered his resignation .

The book and its sequel , The Road Back , were among the books banned and burned in Nazi Germany .
In 1930 , the book was adapted as an Oscar-winning film of the same name , directed by Lewis Milestone .
Title and translation The 1929 English translation by Arthur Wesley Wheen gives the title as All Quiet on the Western Front .
The night before he is to return from leave , he stays up with her , exchanging small expressions of love and concern for each other .
How can it be that I must part from you ?
The war appears to have snuffed out his hopes and dreams , which he feels he can never regain .
He became interested in Kemmerich 's boots and inherits them when Kemmerich dies early in the novel .
As he was dying " quite conscious and in terrible pain " , he gave his boots which he inherited from Kemmerich to Paul .
Stanislaus " Kat " Katczinsky Kat has the most positive influence on Paul and his comrades on the battlefield .
Before the war Tjaden was a locksmith .
Among twenty enlistees was Joseph Behm , the first of the class to die in battle .
In an example of tragic irony , Behm was the only one who did not want to enter the war .
He says , " It is of the vilest baseness to use horses in the war , " when the group hears several wounded horses writhe and scream for a long time before dying during a bombardment .
Eventually , due to pressure from friends and Kantorek , he joins the war .
He is the first of Paul 's friends to die .


History Slavery era The first African slaves arrived in the present-day United States as part of the San Miguel de Gualdape colony ( most likely located in the Winyah Bay area of present-day South Carolina ) , founded by Spanish explorer Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón in 1526 .
Servants could be bought , sold , or leased and they could be physically beaten for disobedience or running away .
In 1670 the colonial assembly passed a law prohibiting free and baptized negroes ( and Indians ) from purchasing Christians ( in this act meaning English or European whites ) but allowing them to buy persons " of their owne nation . "
The first black congregations and churches were organized before 1800 in both northern and southern cities following the Great Awakening .
Africans and Englishmen fought side by side and were fully integrated .
Baron Closen , a German officer in the French Royal Deux-Ponts Regiment , estimated the American army at Yorktown to be about one quarter black and it is estimated that more than a third of the Americans actually engaged were black .
Advancing Union troops enforced the proclamation with Texas being the last state to be emancipated in 1865 .
Most African Americans followed the Jim Crow laws , using a mask of compliance to prevent becoming victims of racially motivated violence .
In 1960 , the median level of education for blacks had been 10.8 years , and by the late Sixties the figure rose to 12.2 years , just a half a year behind the median for whites .
Post-Civil Rights era Politically and economically , blacks have made substantial strides during the post-civil rights era .
Four years later , Obama was reelected president by a similar margin on November 6 , 2012 .
By 1990 , the African-American population reached about 30 million and represented 12 % of the U.S. population , roughly the same proportion as in 1900 .
By 1969 , illiteracy as it had been traditionally defined , had been largely eradicated among younger African Americans .
News of third grade students reading at ninth grade level , four-year-olds learning to read in only a few months , outstanding test scores , disappearance of behavioral problems , second-graders studying Shakespeare , and other incredible reports , astounded the public .
Although in the same year African Americans were over-represented among the nation 's poor , this was directly related to the disproportionate percentage of African-American families headed by single women ; such families are collectively poorer , regardless of ethnicity .
The phrase " last hired and first fired " is reflected in the Bureau of Labor Statistics unemployment figures .
In 2005 , employed blacks earned only 65 % of the wages of whites , down from 82 % in 1975 .
Religion The majority of African Americans are Protestant of whom many follow the historically black churches .
Black church refers to churches which minister predominantly African American congregations .
Of the total number of Jehovah 's Witnesses , 22 % are black .
However during the 20th century , some African Americans converted to Islam , mainly through the influence of black nationalist groups that preached with distinctive Islamic practices ; these include the Moorish Science Temple of America , though the largest organization was the Nation of Islam , founded during the 1930s , which attracted at least 20,000 people as of 1963 , prominent members included activist Malcolm X and boxer Muhammad Ali .
Unprecedented access to higher education and employment in addition to representation in the highest levels of American government has been gained by African Americans in the post-civil rights era .
The large majority of African Americans support the Democratic Party .
In the 2004 Presidential Election , Democrat John Kerry received 88 % of the African American vote compared to 11 % for Republican George W. Bush .
In June 2009 , NBC News launched a new website named The Grio in partnership with the production team that created the black documentary film , Meeting David Wilson .
Many African American authors have written stories , poems , and essays influenced by their experiences as African Americans .
Thus linking a people to a continent as opposed to an abstract color .
In preparation for the United States 2010 Census , a marketing and outreach plan , called 2010 Census Integrated Communications Campaign Plan ( ICC ) recognized and defined African Americans as black people born in the United States .
Racially mixed marriages have become increasingly accepted in the United States since the Civil Rights movement and up to the present day .
Approval in national opinion polls have risen from 36 % in 1978 , to 48 % in 1991 , 65 % in 2002 , 77 % in 2007 .
Lumping us all together " , Dickerson wrote , " erases the significance of slavery and continuing racism while giving the appearance of progress " .
Terms no longer in common use The terms mulatto and colored were widely used until the second quarter of the 20th century , when they were considered outmoded and generally gave way to the use of negro .
The term is rarely used by younger black people , but remained in use by many older black Americans who had grown up with the term , particularly in the southern U.S. .

In response to this , Bradley Kuhn , who later worked for the Free Software Foundation , made a minimal redraft to clarify the ambiguous passages .
This resulted in the Artistic License 2.0 which has been approved as both a free software and open source license .
There is a degree of mutual intelligibility between the two languages , particularly in written form .
Afrikaans acquired some lexical and syntactical borrowings from other languages such as Malay , Khoisan languages , Portuguese , and of the Bantu languages , and to a lesser extent , French .
African creole people in the early 18th century — documented on the cases of Hendrik Bibault and patriarch Oude Ram — were the first to call themselves Afrikaner ( Africans ) .
Dialects Following early dialectical studies of Afrikaans , it was theorised that three main African tribe members created this dialect .
Remnants of these dialects still remain in present-day Afrikaans although the standardising effect of Standard Afrikaans has contributed to a great levelling of differences in modern times .
The main Afrikaans dictionary is the Woordeboek van die Afrikaanse Taal ( WAT ) ( Dictionary of the Afrikaans Language ) , which is as yet incomplete owing to the scale of the project , but the one-volume dictionary in household use is the Verklarende Handwoordeboek van die Afrikaanse Taal ( HAT ) .
The Afrikaans Bible A major landmark in the development of the language was the translation of the whole Bible into Afrikaans .
C. P. Hoogehout , Arnoldus Pannevis , and Stephanus Jacobus du Toit were the first Afrikaans Bible translators .
Laat U koninkryk kom , laat U wil geskied , soos in die hemel net so ook op die aarde .
For example , Afrikaans and some Dutch dialects make no distinction between and , having merged the latter into the former ; while the word for " south " is written " " in Dutch , it is spelled " " in Afrikaans to represent this merger .
Diacritics are ignored when alphabetising , though they are still important , even when typing the diacritic forms may be difficult .
Afrikaans is also widely spoken in Namibia .
Before independence , Afrikaans had equal status with German as an official language .
Since independence in 1990 , Afrikaans has had constitutional recognition as a national , but not official , language .
Modern Dutch and Afrikaans share 85-plus per cent of their vocabulary .
The 2007 film Ouma se slim kind , the first full length Afrikaans movie since Paljas of 1998 , is seen as the dawn of a new era in Afrikaans cinema .
Afrikaans seems to be returning to the SABC .
Bœotus ( accompanied by Arne ) went to southern Thessaly , and founded Boeotia ; but Aeolus went to a group of islands in the Tyrrhenian Sea , which received from him the name of the Aeolian Islands ; according to some accounts this Aeolus founded the town of Lipara .
References External links

Supreme Court Justice Byron White wrote the decision for the majority .
The Court allowed the guilty plea only with a simultaneous protestation of innocence as there was enough evidence to show that the prosecution had a strong case for a conviction , and the defendant was entering such a plea to avoid this possible sentencing .
In federal courts , such plea may be accepted as long as there is evidence that the defendant is actually guilty . "
The defendant maintains a claim of innocence , but agrees to the entry of a conviction in the charged crime .
It affords defendants the ability to accept a plea bargain , while maintaining innocence .
It may also refer to : Medicine Science Film Other uses
Similarly , intuitionists object to the existence property for classical logic , where one can prove \ exists x. \ phi ( x ) , without being able to produce any term t of which \ phi holds .
In fact , Dummett 's writings on anti-realism can be seen as an attempt to integrate central ideas from the Philosophical Investigations into analytical philosophy .
Precursors Doubts about the possibility of definite truth have been expressed since ancient times , for instance in the skepticism of Pyrrho .
On a more abstract level , model theoretic arguments hold that a given set of symbol s in a theory can be mapped onto any number of sets of real-world objects — each set being a " model " of the theory — providing the interrelationships between the objects are the same .
See also References Bibliography External links

Arsenal was founded in 1886 in Woolwich and in 1893 became the first club from the south of England to join the Football League .
History Arsenal Football Club started out as Dial Square in 1886 by workers at the Royal Arsenal in Woolwich , south-east London , and was renamed Royal Arsenal shortly afterwards .
Norris sought to move the club elsewhere , and in 1913 , soon after relegation back to the Second Division , Arsenal moved to the new Arsenal Stadium in Highbury , North London ; they dropped " Woolwich " from their name the following year .
Even former England captain Billy Wright could not bring the club any success as manager , in a stint between 1962 and 1966 .
This was followed by a League title win in 1988 – 89 , won with a last-minute goal in the final game of the season against fellow title challengers Liverpool .
Arsenal had never progressed beyond the quarter-finals of the Champions League until 2005 – 06 ; in that season they became the first club from London in the competition 's fifty-year history to reach the final , in which they were beaten 2 – 1 by Barcelona .
Because of the numerous revisions of the crest , Arsenal were unable to copyright it .
To complete the crest , 1886 and 2011 are shown on either sides of the motto " Forward " at the bottom of the crest .
As they put together the first team in the area , no kit could be found , so Beardsley and Bates wrote home for help and received a set of kit and a ball .
The first was 1966 – 67 , when Arsenal wore all-red shirts ; this proved unpopular and the white sleeves returned the following season .
In 1920 , Sporting Clube de Braga 's manager returned from a game at Highbury and changed his team 's green kit to a duplicate of Arsenal 's red with white sleeves and shorts , giving rise to the team 's nickname of Os Arsenalistas .
As of 2009 , the away kit is changed every season , and the outgoing away kit becomes the third-choice kit if a new home kit is being introduced in the same year .
The entire stadium was given a massive overhaul in the 1930s : new Art Deco West and East stands were constructed , opening in 1932 and 1936 respectively , and a roof was added to the North Bank terrace , which was bombed during the Second World War and not restored until 1954 .
Expansion of Highbury was restricted because the East Stand had been designated as a Grade II listed building and the other three stands were close to residential properties .
The club 's location , adjoining wealthy areas such as Canonbury and Barnsbury , mixed areas such as Islington , Holloway , Highbury , and the adjacent London Borough of Camden , and largely working-class areas such as Finsbury Park and Stoke Newington , has meant that Arsenal 's supporters have come from across the usual class divides .
Consequently , Arsenal have a significant number of fans from beyond London and all over the world ; in 2007 , 24 UK , 37 Irish and 49 other overseas supporters clubs were affiliated with the club .
They formed the backdrop to one of the earliest football-related films , The Arsenal Stadium Mystery ( 1939 ) .
Arsenal Ladies are the most successful team in English women 's football .
Arsenal have one of the best top-flight records in history , having finished below fourteenth only seven times .
David O'Leary holds the record for Arsenal appearances , having played 722 first-team matches between 1975 and 1993 .
Arsenal 's record home attendance is 73,707 , for a UEFA Champions League match against RC Lens on 25 November 1998 at Wembley Stadium , where the club formerly played home European matches because of the limits on Highbury 's capacity .
Players First-team squad UEFA Reserve squad Out on loan Former players Player of the Year List of the winners of the Arsenal F.C. Player of the Year Awards instituted from 2006 as voted for by the members of the official Arsenal supporters club .
Wenger is also Arsenal 's only manager from outside the United Kingdom .
Two Arsenal managers have died in the job – Herbert Chapman and Tom Whittaker .
Eel from New York 's Finger Lakes region were eaten .
Oyster s were eaten on both shores , as were mussel s and periwinkle s. Cooking methods Early Native Americans utilized a number of cooking methods in early American Cuisine that have been blended with early European cooking methods to form the basis of American Cuisine .
Colonial period When the colonist s came to America , their initial attempts at survival included planting crop s familiar to them from back home in England .
The manner of cooking for the American colonists followed along the line of British cookery up until the Revolution .
Many homes had a sack made of deerskin filled with bear oil for cooking , while solidified bear fat resembled shortening .
They did have ready access to corn and rye , which they used to produce their whiskey .
Those who could grow or afford wheat often had biscuits as part of their breakfast , along with healthy portions of pork .
In fact , they had a vast appreciation for the native ingredients and dishes .
Other shellfish of the coastal regions include little neck clam s , sea scallop s , blue mussel s , oyster s , soft shell clam s and razor shell clam s. Much of this shellfish contributes to New England tradition , the clambake .
The cuisine of the American South , along with the rest of its culture , is one of the most distinct in all of the country .
Cuisine in the West Cooking in the American West gets its influence from Native American and Mexican cultures , and other European settlers into the part of the country .
Meanwhile , the restaurant that inspired both Puck and Tower became a distinguished establishment , popularizing its so called " mantra " in its book by Paul Bertolli and owner Alice Waters , Chez Panisse Cooking , in 1988 .
Some of these more prominent groups include the following : " Italian , Mexican and Chinese ( Cantonese ) cuisines have indeed joined the mainstream .
Nowadays , Americans also have a ubiquitous consumption of foods like pizza and pasta , taco s and burrito s to " General Tso 's chicken " and fortune cookie s. Fascination with these and other ethnic foods may also vary with region .
The first generation of television chefs such as Robert Carrier and Julia Child tended to concentrate on cooking based primarily on European , especially French and Italian , cuisines .
Only during the 1970s and 1980s did television chefs such as James Beard and Jeff Smith shift the focus towards home-grown cooking styles , particularly those of the different ethnic groups within the nation .


The " Islamic Society " split between supporters of the more moderate forces around Massoud and Rabbani , who led the Jamiat-i Islami , and more radical Islamist elements surrounding Gulbuddin Hekmatyar , who founded the Hezb-i Islami .
The reforms and the PDPA 's affinity to the Soviet Union were met with strong resistance by the population , especially as the government attempted to enforce its Marxist policies by arresting or executing those who resisted .
Massoud decided to avoid conventional confrontation with the larger government forces and to wage a guerrilla war .
In 1982 , the Soviets began deploying major combat units in the Panjshir , numbering up to 30,000 men .
Massoud pulled his troops back into subsidiary valleys , where they occupied fortified positions .
Massoud and his mujahideen forces attacked and recaptured them one by one .
This council existed outside the Peshawar parties , which were prone to internecine rivalry and bickering , and served to smooth out differences between resistance groups , due to political and ethnic divisions .
To compensate for this deficiency , Massoud relied on revenues drawn from exports of emerald s and lapis lazuli , that are traditionally exploited in Northern Afghanistan .
A culture committee and a judiciary committee were also created .
But they did n't .
In 1989 , after describing the Soviet Union 's military engagement in Afghanistan " a bleeding wound " , Soviet General Secretary Mikhail Gorbachev began a withdrawal of Soviet troops from the nation .
As turmoil developed within the government in Kabul , no government force stood between the northern allies and the major air force base at Bagram , some seventy kilometers north of Kabul .
On March 18 , 1992 , Najibullah announced he would resign .
Hekmatyar 's response : " We will march into Kabul with our naked sword .
At that point Osama bin Laden , trying to mediate , urged Hekmatyar to " go back with your brothers " and to accept a compromise .
Bin Laden reportedly " hated Ahmad Shah Massoud " .
But Hekmatyar refused to accept a compromise , confident that he would be able to gain sole power in Afghanistan .
Kabul descended into lawlessness and chaos , as described in reports by Human Rights Watch and the Afghanistan Justice Project .
Another militia , the Junbish-i Milli of former communist general Abdul Rashid Dostum , was backed by Uzbekistan .
The Iran-controlled Wahdat of Abdul Ali Mazari , as well as the Ittihad of Abdul Rasul Sayyaf supported by Saudi Arabia , targeted civilians of the ' opposite side ' in systematic atrocities .
A report by the Afghanistan Justice Project describes Massoud as failing to prevent atrocities carried out by his forces and those of their factional ally , Ittihad-i Islami , against civilians on taking the suburb of Afshar during a military operation against an anti-state militia allied to Gulbuddin Hekmatyar .
Anthony Davis , who studied and observed Massoud 's forces from 1981 to 2001 , reported that during the observed period , there was " no pattern of repeated killings of enemy civilians or military prisoners " by Massoud 's forces .
Two days after the Islamabad Accord was put into effect , however , Hekmatyar 's allies of Hezb-e Wahdat renewed rocket attacks in Kabul .
The author Roy Gutman of the United States Institute of Peace wrote in How We Missed the Story : Osama bin Laden , the Taliban , and the Hijacking of Afghanistan : " Hekmatyar had become prime minister ... But after chairing one cabinet meeting , Hekmatyar never returned to the capital , fearing , perhaps , a lynching by Kabulis infuriated over his role in destroying their city .
His forces started major attacks against Kabul for one month .
The President , Burhanuddin Rabbani , was attacked when he attempted to meet Hekmatyar .
Massoud initiated a nationwide political process with the goal of national consolidation and democratic elections .
Courts started to work again also convicting individuals inside government troops who had committed crimes .
Against the advice of his security personnel , he went to talk to some Taliban leaders in Maidan Shar , Taliban territory .
A nearly one-year siege and bombardment campaign against Kabul , however , was again defeated by Massoud 's forces .
He also predicted that without assistance from Pakistan and external extremist groups , the Taliban would lose their hold on power .
Resentment was increasingly gathering against Taliban rule from the bottom of Afghan society including the Pashtun areas .
At the same time , Massoud was very wary not to revive the failed Kabul government of the early 1990s .
Senior diplomat and Afghanistan expert Peter Tomsen wrote that " [ t ] he ‘ Lion of Kabul ’ [ Abdul Haq ] and the ‘ Lion of Panjshir ’ [ Ahmad Shah Massoud ] would make a formidable anti-Taliban team if they combined forces .
While it was Massoud 's stated personal conviction that men and women are equal and should enjoy the same rights , he also had to deal with Afghan traditions which he said would need a generation or more to overcome .
This applied also to strictures of religion .
CIA lawyers , working with officers in the Near East Division and Counterterrorist Center , began to draft a formal , legal presidential finding for Bush 's signature authorizing a new covert action program in Afghanistan , the first in a decade that sought to influence the course of the Afghan war in favour of Massoud .
Massoud further went on to warn that his intelligence agents had gained limited knowledge about a large-scale terrorist attack on U.S. soil being imminent .
Investigative commissionIn April 2003 , the Karzai administration announced the creation of a commission to investigate the assassination of Massoud .
Legacy National Hero of Afghanistan Massoud was the only chief Afghan leader who never left Afghanistan in the fight against the Soviet Union and later in the fight against the Taliban Emirate .
A small US military reconstruction team is based here , but there are none of the signs of foreign occupation that exist elsewhere .
One of his six brothers , Ahmad Zia Massoud , was the Vice President of Afghanistan from 2004 until 2009 under the first democratically elected government of Afghanistan .
Ahmad Zia Massoud leads the National Front of Afghanistan ( a United Front group ) .
In Critias , Plato claims that his accounts of ancient Athens and Atlantis stem from a visit to Egypt by the legendary Athenian lawgiver Solon in the 6th century BC .
The other four pairs of twins — Ampheres and Evaemon , Mneseus and Autochthon , Elasippus and Mestor , and Azaes and Diaprepes — were also given " rule over many men , and a large territory . "
Marcellus remains unidentified .
Some have understood Ammianus 's testimony as a claim that at the time of Atlantis 's actual sinking into the sea , its inhabitants fled to western Europe ; but Ammianus in fact says that “ the Drasidae ( Druids ) recall that a part of the population is indigenous but others also migrated in from islands and lands beyond the Rhine " ( Res Gestae 15.9 ) , an indication that the immigrants came to Gaul from the north ( Britain , the Netherlands or Germany ) , not from a theorized location in the Atlantic Ocean to the south-west .
Impact of MayanismMuch speculation began as to the origins of the Mayans , which led to a variety of narratives and publications which tried to rationalize the discoveries within the context of the Bible and which had undertones of racism in their connections between the Old and New World .
However , soon after these publications , Brasseur de Bourbourg lost his academic credibility , due to his claim that the Maya peoples had descended from the Toltecs , who he believed were the surviving population of the racially superior civilization of Atlantis .
Le Plongeon invented narratives , such as the kingdom of Moo saga , which romantically drew connections between himself , his wife Alice , and Egyptian deities Osiris and Isis , as well as with Heinrich Schliemann , who had just discovered the ancient city of Troy from Homer ’s epics .
He was greatly inspired by early works in Mayanism , and like them attempted to establish that all known ancient civilizations were descended from Atlantis , which he saw as a technologically sophisticated , more advanced culture .
Plato scholar Dr. Julia Annas , Regents Professor of Philosophy at the University of Arizona , had this to say on the matter : Kenneth Feder points out that Critias 's story in the Timaeus provides a major clue .
A. G. Galanopoulos argued that Plato 's dating of 9,000 years before Solon 's time was the result of an error in translation , probably from Egyptian into Greek , which produced " thousands " instead of " hundreds " .
Some have proposed the Celtic Shelf as a possible location , and that there is a link to Ireland .

Closely associated with autobiography ( and sometimes difficult to precisely distinguish from it ) is the form of memoir .
These criteria for autobiography generally persisted until recent times , and most serious autobiographies of the next three hundred years conformed to them .
Another autobiography of the period is De vita propria , by the Italian mathematician , physician and astrologer Gerolamo Cardano ( 1574 ) .
Increasingly , in accordance with romantic taste , these accounts also began to deal , amongst other topics , with aspects of childhood and upbringing — far removed from the principles of " Cellinian " autobiography .
The inability — or unwillingness — of the author to accurately recall memories has in certain cases resulted in misleading or incorrect information .
Reliability The Unreliable Narrator is a topic often discussed in critical circles in reference to autobiography .
The earliest example of a spiritual autobiography is Augustine 's " Confessions " though the tradition has expanded to include other religious traditions in works such as Mohandas Gandhi 's " An Autobiography " and " Black Elk Speaks " .
Daniel Defoe 's Moll Flanders is an early example .
See also Notes References External links

They are identified as such on one or more of genealogical , linguistic , or cultural grounds , with tribal affiliations , and intra-tribal relationships playing an important part of Arab identity .
The word " Arab " has had several different , but overlapping , meanings over the centuries ( and sometimes even today ) .
The most popular Arab account holds that the word ' Arab ' came from an eponymous father called Yarab , who was supposedly the first to speak Arabic .
The early Arabs were the tribes of Northern Arabia speaking proto Arabic dialects .
The same process happened all over the Arab world after the spread of Islam by the mixing of Arabs with several other peoples .
With the rise of Islam in the 7th century , and as the language of the Qur ' an , Arabic became the lingua franca of the Islamic world .
It was in this period that Arabic language and culture was widely disseminated with the early Islamic expansion , both through conquest and cultural contact .
2 and 3 ; and Michael N. Barnett , Dialogues in Arab Politics : Negotiations in Regional Order ( Columbia University Press , 1998 ) .
Most of the prominent Indonesians , Malaysians , and Singaporeans of Arab descent are Hadhrami people with origins in southern Yemen in the Hadramawt coastal region .
In fact several different ethnonyms are found in Assyrian texts that are conventionally translated " Arab " : Arabi , Arubu , Aribi and Urbi .
The Christians of Italy and the Crusaders preferred the term Saracens for all the Arabs and Muslims of that time .
The Qur ' an became regarded as the prime example of the , the language of the Arabs .
Their early inscriptions were in Aramaic , but gradually switched to Arabic , and since they had writing , it was they who made the first inscriptions in Arabic .
Islamic Arab CaliphateRashidun Era ( 632-661 ) After the death of Muhammad in 632 , Rashidun armies launched campaigns of conquest , establishing the Caliphate , or Islamic Empire , one of the largest empires in history .
Caliph Abd al-Malik established Arabic as the Caliphate 's official language in 686 .
He rectified the situation , demanding that all Muslims be treated as equals , but his intended reforms did not take effect as he died after only three years of rule .
Abbasids ruled for 200 years before they lost their central control when Wilayas began to fracture , afterwards in the 1190s there was a revival for their power which was put to end by the Mongols who conquered Baghdad and killed the Caliph , members of the Abbasid royal family escaped the massacre and resorted to Cairo , which fractured from the Abbasid rule two years earlier , the Mamluk generals were taking the political side of the kingdom while Abbasid Caliphs were engaged in civil activities and continued patronizing science , arts and literature .
Modern Arabs in modern times live in the Arab world , which comprises 22 countries in the Middle East and North Africa .
Religion Arab Muslims are generally Sunni or Shia , one exception being the Ibadis , who predominate in Oman and can be found as small minorities in Algeria and Libya ( mostly Berbers ) .
In Iraq most Christians are Assyrians rather than Arabs , and follow the Assyrian Church of the East , Syriac Orthodox and Chaldean Church .
The Greek Catholic churches and Maronite church are under the Pope of Rome , and a part of the larger worldwide Catholic Church .
In Lebanon they number about 39 % of the population .
In Iraq , Christians constitute today up 3-4 % , the number dropped from over 5 % after Iraq war , a few of these are Arabs .
Sociologist Philip Mendes asserts that before the anti-Jewish actions of the 1930s and 1940s , overall Iraqi Jews " viewed themselves as Arabs of the Jewish faith , rather than as a separate race or nationality " .
Some species , such as the long-nosed armadillos , are widely distributed over the Americas , whereas others , such as the fairy armadillo , are concentrated in smaller ranges in South America .
Most species have rigid shields over the shoulders and hips , with a number of bands separated by flexible skin covering the back and flanks .
Additional armor covers the top of the head , the upper parts of the limbs , and the tail .
They have five clawed toes on their hindfeet , and three to five toes with heavy digging claws on their forefeet .
They are particularly susceptible due to their unusually low body temperature , which is hospitable to the leprosy bacterium , Mycobacterium leprae .
Arab antisemitism is believed to have expanded since the 19th century .
However , despite its restrictive nature , dhimmi status also afforded the " People of the Book " , provided they did not contest the inferior social and legal status imposed on them , relative security against persecution and welfare most of the time — a protection that was missing for non-Christians in most of Europe until the institutionalization of equality under a secular idea of citizenship after the French Revolution — and allowed them to enjoy their respective religious laws and ways of life .
In his view this is because , for the most part , Arabs are not Christians brought up on stories of Jewish deicide .
Jewish communities , like Christian ones , were typically constituted as semi-autonomous entities managed by their own laws and leadership , who carried the responsibility for the community towards the Muslim rulers .
By medieval standards , conditions for Jews under Islam was generally more formalized and better than those of Jews in Christian lands , in part due to the sharing of minority status with Christians in these lands .
Later in Constantinople , Moses Montefiore ( leader of the British Jewish community ) persuaded Sultan Abdülmecid I to issue a firman ( edict ) intended to halt the spread of blood libel accusations in the Ottoman Empire : ... and for the love we bear to our subjects , we can not permit the Jewish nation , whose innocence for the crime alleged against them is evident , to be worried and tormented as a consequence of accusations which have not the least foundation in truth .... Nevertheless , pogroms spread through the Middle East and North Africa : Aleppo ( 1850 , 1875 ) , Damascus ( 1840 , 1848 , 1890 ) , Beirut ( 1862 , 1874 ) , Dayr al-Qamar ( 1847 ) , Jaffa ( 1876 ) , Jerusalem ( 1847 , 1870 and 1895 ) , Cairo ( 1844 , 1890 , 1901 – 02 ) , Mansura ( 1877 ) , Alexandria ( 1870 , 1882 , 1901 – 07 ) , Port Said ( 1903 , 1908 ) , and Damanhur ( 1871 , 1873 , 1877 , 1891 ) .
In Libya , 130 Jews were killed and 266 injured .
Jordanian authorities state that the policy is in order to ensure the Jewish tourists safety .
The group had taken a ferry from Sinai , Egypt because they understood that Jordanian authorities were making it hard for visible Jews to enter from Israel .
The Israeli Ministry of Foreign Affairs is aware of the issue .
It has since removed this statement , and apologized for posting " erroneous information " .
Islam is the official religion of Saudi Arabia , and the tenets of that religion are enforced by law .
The police also found the remains of two Jewish boys , Natan Shaya 18 and Kassem Abadi 20 , victims of an earlier massacre .
In 1984 Syrian Defense Minister Mustafa Tlass published a book called The Matzah of Zion , which claimed that Jews had killed Christian children in Damascus to make Matzas ( see Damascus affair ) .
Mudar Zahran , a Palestinian , writing for the Hudson Institute says that " the Palestinians have been used as fuel for the new form of anti-Semitism ; this has hurt the Palestinians and exposed them to unprecedented and purposely media-ignored abuse by Arab governments , including some of those who claim love for the Palestinians , yet in fact only bear hatred to Jews .
Mahmoud Abbas , leader of the PLO , published a Ph.D. thesis ( at Moscow University ) in 1982 , called The Secret Connection between the Nazis and the Leaders of the Zionist Movement .
In his book , Abbas wrote : It seems that the interest of the Zionist movement , however , is to inflate this figure [ of Holocaust deaths ] so that their gains will be greater .
However , Hezbollah has directed strong rhetoric both against Israel and Jews , and it has cooperated in publishing and distributing outright antisemitic literature .
Development An arcology is distinguished from a merely large building in that it is supposed to sustainably supply all or most of the resources for a comfortable life : power , climate control , food production , air and water purification , sewage treatment , etc. .
Soleri describes ways of compacting city structures in three dimensions to combat two-dimensional urban sprawl , and economize on transportation and other energy uses .
The +15 is the world 's most extensive skywalk , at in total length .
An arcology is also depicted in the 1968 futuristic novel The World Inside , by Robert Silverberg , where in the year 2381 the human race lives in 1000-storey-high towers , providing everything necessary to the society ( nutrition , energy , entertainment , jobs , etc. ) .


The later plus models , 464plus and 6128plus , efforts to prolong the system 's lifecycle with hardware updates , were considerably less successful , as was the attempt to repackage the plus hardware into a game console as the GX4000 .
The CPC models ' hardware is based on the Zilog Z80A CPU , complemented with either 64 or 128 kB of memory .
In itself , the all-in-one concept was not new , having been seen before on business-oriented machines and the Commodore PET , but in the home computer space , it predated the Apple Macintosh by almost a year .
Secondly , Amstrad founder Alan Sugar wanted the machine to resemble a “ real computer , similar to what someone would see being used to check them in at the airport for their holidays ” , and for the machine to not look like " a pregnant calculator " – in reference presumably to the Sinclair ZX81 and ZX Spectrum with their low cost , membrane-type keyboards .
CPC464 The CPC464 featured 64 kB RAM and an internal cassette tape deck .
At the deliberately low-key introduction of the CPC664 in May 1985 , the machine was positioned not only as the lowest-cost disc system but even the lowest-cost CP/M 2.2 machine .
Compared to the CPC464 's multicoloured keyboard , the CPC664 's keys are kept in a much quieter grey and pale blue colour scheme .
It is equipped with 64 kB memory and a CPC6128 's firmware customized to the modified hardware , including an unmodified copy of Locomotive BASIC 1.1 .
Three built-in display resolutions are available : 160 × 200 pixels with 16 colours ( " Mode 0 " , 20 text columns ) , 320 × 200 pixels with 4 colours ( " Mode 1 " , 40 text columns ) , and 640 × 200 pixels with 2 colours ( " Mode 2 " , 80 text columns ) .
It is possible to play back digital sound samples at a resolution of approximately 5-bit by sending a stream of values to the sound chip .
A sliding metal cover to protect the media surface is internal to the casing and latched , unlike the simple external sliding cover of Sony 's version .
This , combined with their low nominal capacities and their essentially proprietary nature , led to the format being discontinued shortly after the CPC itself was discontinued .
Popular applications were marketed on ROM , particularly word processing and programming utility software ( examples are Protext and Brunword of the former , and the MAXAM assembler of the latter type ) .
It is particularly notable for providing easy access to the machine 's video and audio resources in contrast to the arcane POKE commands required on generic Microsoft implementations .
64k machines shipped with CP/M 2.2 alone , while the 128k machines also include CP/M 3.1 .
The only two games with similar gameplay and main character design are Roland in Time and its sequel Roland in Space .
which included the ZX Spectrum , for £ 5 million .

Omari arrived in the United States in June 2001 , on a tourist visa , obtained through the Visa Express program .
On his rental agreement form for that house , Omari gave two license-plates authorized to park in his space , one of which was registered to Atta .
I had nothing to do with this . "
Physics By the late 1940s it was known that the properties of atomic nucleus could not be explained by the then-current models ( such as the liquid drop model developed by Niels Bohr amongst others ) .
Bohr and Mottelson continued to work together , publishing a two-volume monograph , Nuclear Structure .

Apollonius of Perga , in On Determinate Section , dealt with problems in a manner that may be called an analytic geometry of one dimension ; with the question of finding points on a line that were in a ratio to the others .
Pierre Fermat also pioneered the development of analytic geometry .
Usually , a single equation corresponds to a curve on the plane .
For example , the parent function y = 1/x has a horizontal and a vertical asymptote , and occupies the first and third quadrant , and all of its transformed forms have one horizontal and vertical asymptote , and occupies either the 1st and 3rd or 2nd and 4th quadrant .
x2 -2 x +1 +1 - x2 = 1 -2 x = -1 x = ½ We next place this value of x in either of the original equations and solve for y : ½ 2 + y2 = 1y2 = ¾ So that our intersection has two points : For conic sections , as many as 4 points might be in the intersection .
The intersection of a geometric object and the x-axis is called the x-intercept of the object .
Example Here an example of a problem from the United States of America Mathematical Talent Search that can be solved via analytic geometry : Problem : In a convex pentagon ABCDE , the sides have lengths 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 , though not necessarily in that order .
These dots are an integral part of a letter , since they distinguish between letters that represent different sounds .
An attempt to show them on the faulty fonts without automatically adding the gemination mark and the superscript Alef , although may not display as desired on all browsers , is by adding the U +200 d ( Zero width joiner ) after the first or second Gemination Gemination is the doubling of a consonant .
Nunation Nunation ( ) is the addition of a final to a noun or adjective .
The vowel before it indicates grammatical case .
In unvocalized text ( one in which the short vowels are not marked ) , the long vowels are represented by the vowel in question : , ( or ) , , or .
The is traditionally written in full vocalization .
Vowel marks are always written as if the ’ I ‘ rab vowels were in fact pronounced , even when they must be skipped in actual pronunciation .
This is sometimes used to produce chronogram s. History The Arabic alphabet can be traced back to the Nabataean alphabet used to write the Nabataean dialect of Aramaic .
Initially , this was done by a system of red dots , said to have been commissioned by an Umayyad governor of Iraq , : a dot above = , a dot below = , a dot on the line = , and doubled dots indicated nunation .
Gutenberg 's invention of the printing press in 1450 was followed up by Gregorio de Gregorii , a Venetian , who in 1514 published an entire prayer book in Arabic script entitled Kitab Salat al-Sawa ' i intended for the eastern Christian communities .
External links This article contains major sections of text from the very detailed article Arabic alphabet from the French Wikipedia , which has been partially translated into English .

Many angels in art may appear to the modern eye to be gendered by their dress or actions , but until the 19th centuries , even the most female looking will normally lack breasts , and the figures should normally be considered as genderless .
The classical putto re-appeared in art during the Italian Renaissance in both religious and mythological art , and is often known in English as a cherub , the singular of cherubim , actually one of the higher ranks in the Christian angelic hierarchy .
They have wings , often multi-coloured , and very often floating scarves drawing from Chinese Buddhist art .
Adaptations The arctic fox lives in some of the most frigid extremes on the planet .
Its furry paws allow it to walk on ice in search of food .
Its fur changes colour with the seasons : in the winter it is white to blend in with snow , while in the summer it is brown .
The gestation period is 52 days .
Size The average length is , with a range of , in the male and , with a range of , in the female .
It is high at the shoulder .
It is classified under the subfamily Caninae of the canid family Canidae .
The generic name vulpes is Latin for " fox " .
However , the total population of the arctic fox must be in the order of several hundred thousand animals .
The other threatened population is the one in Fennoscandia ( Norway , Sweden , Finland and Kola Peninsula ) .
[[2210]]
Folklore consists of legends , music , oral history , proverbs , jokes , popular beliefs , fairy tales , stories , tall tales , and customs that are the traditions of a culture , subculture , or group .
Though some neighboring cultures hold similar beliefs , others can be quite different from one another .
Christopher Columbus Christopher Columbus , as a hero and symbol , is an important figure in the pantheon of American myth .
His status , not unlike most American icons , is representative not of his own accomplishments , but the self-perception of the society which chose him as a hero .
Pilgrims Plymouth Rock is the traditional site of disembarkation of William Bradford and the Mayflower Pilgrims who founded Plymouth Colony in 1620 and an important symbol in American history .
There are no contemporary references to the Pilgrims ' landing on a rock at Plymouth .
The Rock , or one traditionally identified as it , has long been memorialized on the shore of Plymouth Harbor in Plymouth , Massachusetts .
The holiday of Thanksgiving is said to have begun with the Pilgrims in 1621 .
They had come to America to escape religious persecution , but then nearly starved to death .
Revolutionary War figures George Washington George Washington ( February 22 , 1732 - December 14 , 1799 ) , the country 's first president , is often said to be the father of his country .
His angry father confronted the young Washington , who proclaimed " I can not tell a lie " and admitted to the transgression , thus illuminating his honesty .
Parson Mason Locke Weems mentions the first citation of this legend in his 1850 book , The Life of George Washington : With Curious Anecdotes , Equally Honorable to Himself and Exemplary to His Young Countrymen .
With the House undecided on whether to mobilize for military action against the encroaching British military force , Henry argued in favor of mobilization .
The story chronicles the adventures of a young girl named Dorothy Gale in the Land of Oz , after being swept away from her Kansas farm home in a tornado .
Folk Music Native Americans were the earliest inhabitants of the land that is today known as the United States and played its first music .
Negro SpiritualsProtestant hymns written mostly by New England preachers became a feature of camp meetings held among devout Christians across the South .
The shanty was a distinct type of work song , developed especially in American-style merchant vessels that had come to prominence in decades prior to the American Civil War .
Immediately prior to the start of the game , a reactor malfunction on the Unity spacecraft wakes the crew and colonists early and irreparably severs communications with Earth .
As the ship breaks up , seven escape pods , each containing a faction , are scattered across Planet .
Plot The story unfolds via the introduction video , explanations of new technologies , videos obtained for completing secret projects , interludes , and cut-scenes .
The native life consists primarily of simple wormlike aliens and a type of red fungus .
To counter this threat , the player or a computer faction builds " The Voice of Alpha Centauri " secret project , which artificially links Planet 's distributed nervous system into the human Datalinks , delaying Planet 's metamorphosis into full self-awareness but incidentally increasing its ultimate intelligence substantially by giving it access to all of humanity 's accumulated knowledge .
Gameplay SMAC , a turn-based strategy game with a science fiction setting , is played from a third-person , isometric perspective .
It also allows the trade or transfer of units , bases , technology and energy .
Having just completed a game of human history up to the present , they wanted a fresh topic and chose science fiction .
Alien ecologies and mysterious intelligences were incorporated into SMAC as external " natural forces " intended to serve as flywheels for the backstory and a catalyst for many player intelligences .
Another concern was that Planet matched the story , which resulted in the fungus being connected across continents , as it is supposed to be a gigantic neural network .
Terraforming is a natural outgrowth of colonizing an alien world .
Meier and Reynolds wrote playable prototype code and Jason Coleman wrote the first lines of the development libraries .
Reynolds then taught the computer his reasoning process so the AI could find the right choice when presented several attractive possibilities .
At Firaxis , as iterations continue , they expand the group giving feedback , bringing in outside gamers with fresh perspectives .
They were able to incorporate many suggestions into the retail version .
The first " call for features " was posted around April 1999 and produced the Fletchette Defense System , Algorithmic Enhancement , and The Nethack Terminus .
The Adrenaline Vault 's Pete Hines said , " While SMAC is the evolutionary off-spring to Civ and Civ 2 , it is not Civ 2 in space .
Its maps and interface were considered detailed and in accordance with a space theme , but the game was released with a limited color palette .
Sold-Out Software also re-released the game .

The name of the group is derived from the Arabic ابو , abu ( " father of " ) and sayyaf ( " swordsmith " ) .
Some Abu Sayyaf members have studied or worked in Saudi Arabia and developed ties to mujahadeen while fighting and training in the war against the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan .
The Philippine government considers the Abu Sayyaf as a part of Jemaah Islamiyah and notes that initial funding came from Al-Qaeda through the brother-in-law of Osama bin Laden , Mohammed Jamal Khalifa , through Islamic charities in the region .
Abdurajik Abubakar Janjalani ’s first recruits were soldiers of the Moro National Liberation Front ( M.N.L.F. ) and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front ( M.I.L.F. ) .
By 1995 Abu Sayyaf was active in large scale bombings and attacks in the Philippines .
The Abu Sayyaf 's first attack was the assault on the town of Ipil in Mindanao in April 1995 .
On December 18 , 1998 , Abdurajik Abubakar Janjalani was killed in a gun battle with the Philippine National Police on Basilan Island .
Most hostages were released in August and September 2000 , partly due to mediation by Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi and an offer of $ 25 million in " development aid " .
He was eventually freed in 2003 .
The number of hostages waxed and waned as some were ransomed and released , new ones were taken and others were killed . "
The journalists held captive were 2009 Red Cross kidnappingOn January 15 , 2009 , Abu Sayyaf kidnapped International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) volunteers in Patikul , Sulu province , Philippines .
All three workers were eventually released .
Despite claims from terrorist groups , the blast was initially thought to have been an accident , caused by a gas explosion .
Federal agents escorted the Filipino-American , who was also suspected of planning to smuggle illegal drugs to the Philippines .
United States authorities have issued a warrant for the arrest of Infante in New York after Customs men in July 2003 seized one of his package from Oakland containing weapons ’ parts addressed to his safehouse in Zamboanga City . "
Criticism The Libyan envoy accused the group of inhumanity and violating the tenets of Islam by holding innocent people .
OIC Secretary General Azeddine Laraki who represents the world 's largest Islamic body , told the Philippine government he was prepared to send an envoy to help save the hostages and issued a statement condemning the rebels . "

Its vocabulary has been heavily influenced by Western Middle Iranian languages , particularly Parthian , and to a lesser extent by Greek , Latin , Old French , Persian , Arabic , Turkish , and other languages throughout its history .
Meillet ( 1925 , 1927 ) further investigated morphological and phonological agreement , postulating that the parent languages of Greek and Armenian were dialects in immediate geographical proximity in the parent language .
Solta ( 1960 ) does not go as far as postulating a Proto-Graeco-Armenian stage , but he concludes that considering both the lexicon and morphology , Greek is clearly the dialect most closely related to Armenian .
The emergence of literary works entirely written in the modern versions increasingly legitimized the language ’s existence .
By the turn of the 20th century both varieties of the one modern Armenian language prevailed over Grabar and opened the path to a new and simplified grammatical structure of the language in the two different cultural spheres .
After the First World War , the existence of the two modern versions of the same language was sanctioned even more clearly .
The Armenian Soviet Socialist Republic ( 1920 – 1990 ) used Eastern Armenian as its official language , while the Diaspora created after the Genocide of 1915 carried with it the only thing survivors still possessed : their native language , Western Armenian .
The ' seven dialect types ' have the following correspondences , illustrated with the t/d series : The consonants transcribed ⟨ ⟩ are breathy voice d. Morphology Armenian corresponds with other Indo-European languages in its structure , but it shares distinctive sounds and features of its grammar with neighboring languages of the Caucasus region .
Among all Indoeuropan languages only Armenian is an agglutinative language .
For example , ուսուցիչ ( usuts ' ich - teacher ) becomes ուսուցչուհի ( usuts ' chuhi - female teacher ) .
Dialects Armenian is a pluricentric language , having two modern standardized forms : Eastern Armenian and Western Armenian .
Armenian words compared to other Indo-European ones Armenian is an Indo-European language , and so many of its Proto-Indo-European - descended words are cognate s of words in other Indo-European languages such as English , Latin , Greek , and Sanskrit .
Additive synthesis is a sound synthesis technique that creates timbre by adding sine waves together .
The timbre of musical instruments can be considered in the light of Fourier theory to consist of multiple harmonic or inharmonic partials or overtones .
As a result only a finite number of sinusoidal terms with frequencies that lie within the audible range are modeled in additive synthesis .
The bandwidth of r_k ( t ) \ , should be significantly less than f_0 \ , .
Additive analysis/resynthesis has been employed in a number of techniques including Sinusoidal Modelling , Spectral Modelling Synthesis ( SMS ) , and the Reassigned Bandwidth-Enhanced Additive Sound Model .
Time-varying formant frequencies and amplitudes derived by linear predictive coding were synthesized additively as pure tone whistles .
In 1910 , a similar machine was built for the analysis of periodic waveforms of sound .
It was pneumatic and utilized cut-out tonewheel s , and was criticized for low purity of its partial tones .
A typical modern additive synthesizer produces its output as an electrical , analog signal , or as digital audio , such as in the case of software synthesizers , which became popular around year 2000 .
An aircraft carrier is a warship designed with a primary mission of deploying and recovering aircraft , acting as a seagoing airbase .
They have evolved from wooden vessels used to deploy balloon s into nuclear-powered warships that carry dozens of fixed-wing and rotary-wing aircraft .
Of the ten nations that possess an aircraft carrier , eight possess only one .
Most early aircraft carriers were conversions of ships that were laid down ( or had served ) as different ship types : cargo ships , cruisers , battlecruisers , or battleships .
The UK 1942 Design Light Fleet Carrier served the Royal Navy during the war and was the hull design chosen for nearly all aircraft carrier equipped navies after the war until the 1980s .
While some will call ballistic missile submarines capital ships , this is more in recognition of their overwhelming firepower as a national strategic nuclear deterrent than their role in the fleet .
These are the largest carriers capable of fast speeds .
Below this is the Flag Bridge , designated for the embarked admiral and his staff .
The Convair F2Y Sea Dart was a supersonic seaplane jet fighter that had skis rather than wheels , in the late 1940s the Navy feared that supersonic aircraft would not be able to land on a carrier , it would rather be lowered and raised from the sea via crane .
Future aircraft carriers Several nations that currently possess aircraft carriers are planning new classes to replace current ones .
According to James Nolt , senior fellow at the World Policy Institute in New York , it might take China many years to develop the technology , training , and operational capability necessary for an effective carrier .
On 25 September 2012 , NBCNews.com reported that the Chinese government had commissioned their first aircraft carrier , Liaoning .
The design would be much larger , at 65,000 – 75,000 tonnes , and would not be nuclear-powered like Charles de Gaulle .
The ship is scheduled for commissioning in 2014 .
( Solely indigenous design ) 3 .
It is expected that the ships will be more automated in an effort to reduce the amount of funding required to maintain and operate its supercarrier s. The main new features are implementation of Electromagnetic Aircraft Launch System ( EMALS ) ( which replace the old steam catapults ) and unmanned aerial vehicle s. With the deactivation of the USS Enterprise in December 2012 ( decommissioning scheduled for March 2013 ) , the U.S. fleet comprises 10 supercarriers .
The remainder of the scheme appears to be valid : Phylogenetic relations This has rarely been studied at the subclass level .
Secretion of the dense-granule content takes place after parasite invasion and localization within the parasitophorous vacuole and persists for several minutesOther morphological findings that are common to all members of this phylum include : Replication : General features Within this phylum there are three groups - coccidians , gregarines and haemosporidians .
The coccidians and gregarines appear to be relatively closely related .
These are released by lysis of the host cells and group together by syzygy .
Coccidians Coccidians are generally parasites of vertebrate s. Like gregarines they are commonly parasites of the epithelial cells of the gut but may infect other tissues .
The typical coccidial life cycle while similar to that of the gregarines differs in zygote formation .
Some trophozoites enlage and become macrogamete while others divide repeatedly to form microgamete s. The microgametes are motile and must reach the macrogamete to fertilize it .
The fertilized macrogamete now becomes an ookinete which penetrates the body of the vector .
In the genera Aggregata , Atoxoplasma , Cystoisospora , Schellackia and Toxoplasma the original is now definitive while in Akiba , Babesiosoma , Babesia , Haemogregarina , Haemoproteus , Hepatozoon , Karyolysus , Leucocytozoon , Plasmodium , Sarcocystis and Theileria , the original hosts are now intermediate .
Similar strategies to increase the likelihood of transmission have evolved in multiple genera .
Its functions are thought to include tasks such as lipid and heme biosynthesis , and it appears to be necessary for survival .
The male gametocyte produces a large number of gametes and the zygote gives rise to an oocyst which is the infective stage .

Argentine cuisine may be described as a cultural blending of Mediterranean influences ( such as those created by Italian and Spanish populations ) within the wide scope of livestock and agricultural products that are abundant in the country .
Invitations to have dinner at home is generally viewed as a symbol of friendship , warmth , and integration .
Sunday family dinner is considered the most significant meal of the week , whose highlights often include asado or pasta .
Italian staples , such as pizza and pasta , are eaten as commonly as beef .
Fideos , tallarines , ñoquis , ravioles , and canelones can be bought freshly made in many establishments in the larger cities .
Asado , dulce de leche , empanadas , and yerba mate are found throughout Argentina .
Dishes such as pasta , pizza , puchero s ( stew s ) , croqueta s ( fritter ) s , sauce s , embutido s ( sausage s ) , and chicken and meat courses brought a wider scope of options to daily menus .
Pizza — made with very thin , and sometimes thick , high-rising dough s , with or without cheese , cooked in the oven or a la piedra ( on a stone oven ) , and stuffed with numerous ingredients - — is a dish which can be found in nearly every corner of the country .
Sopa Paraguaya and Chipá Guazu are also commonly eaten .
As regards products made with sugar , Papaya ( mamón in Argentine Spanish ) jam is typical of the province of Corrientes .
Viennese and German cuisine and pastries are also typically associated with this region .
The first were nearly all in the downtown of Buenos Aires ( el égido de la Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires ) , and soon Polish brewers began industrial production of beer : San Carlos in the province of Santa Fe , Río Segundo and Córdoba in the province of Córdoba , Quilmes ( Quilmes beer ) and Lavallol on the outskirts of La Plata ( in Buenos Aires Province ) , San Miguel de Tucumán in the province of Tucumán and on the outskirts of the cities of Mendoza and Salta .
However , the presence of a vigorous population of Celt ic lineage , principally of Irish origin , has supported the creation of other celebrations of beer , often for marketing purposes , such as Saint Patrick 's Day ( Día de San Patricio ) , patron of Ireland , which is celebrated with abundant libations .
Cider is the most popular beverage of the middle and lower economic classes at Christmas and New Year ( the upper classes proverbially preferring to celebrate with locally produced champagne , although real old-line " creole " aristocrats will still drink cider , which is much more traditional ) .
There are many artisanally produced liqueur s ( distilled , flavored alcohol ic beverages ) in Argentina , for example those flavored with orange , egg , anise , coffee , cherry and , inevitably , dulce de leche .
The most common are those made of milanesa , baked ham and cheese , pan de miga , toast , pebete s , pancho s ( hot dogs ) , choripan es , morcipan es , etc. ; from Montevideo comes a different species of sandwich called the chivito , even though it contains no goat meat .
The people of Argentina greatly enjoy helado ( ice cream , sorbet , etc. ) .
Excluding the largest cities , such as Buenos Aires , most towns close for lunch time .
This is when most people return home to enjoy a large meal .

Ad hominem circumstantial constitutes an attack on the bias of a source .
This is fallacious because a disposition to make a certain argument does not make the argument false ; this overlaps with the genetic fallacy ( an argument that a claim is incorrect due to its source ) .
Conflict of Interest : Where a source seeks to convince by a claim of authority or by personal observation , identification of conflicts of interest are not ad hominem – it is generally well accepted that an " authority " needs to be objective and impartial , and that an audience can only evaluate information from a source if they know about conflicts of interest that may affect the objectivity of the source .
In particular , if Source A criticizes the actions of Source B , a tu quoque response is that Source A has acted in the same way .
This does not alter the fact that his son may regret smoking when he is older .
People tend to see others as tending to be all good or tending to be all bad .
The philosopher Charles Taylor has argued that ad hominem reasoning is essential to understanding certain moral issues , and contrasts this sort of reasoning with the apodictic reasoning of philosophical naturalism .
Olavo de Carvalho , a Brazilian philosopher , has argued that ad hominem reasoning not only has rhetorical , but also logical value .
These estimates provide an insight into reasonable directions of search for efficient algorithms .
Big O notation , Big-omega notation and Big-theta notation are used to this end .
One must be careful here ; for instance , some analyses count an addition of two numbers as one step .
Run-time efficiency is a topic of great interest in computer science : A program can take seconds , hours or even years to finish executing , depending on which algorithm it implements ( see also performance analysis , which is the analysis of an algorithm 's run-time in practice ) .
Benchmark testing on the two computers running their respective programs might look something like the following : Based on these metrics , it would be easy to jump to the conclusion that Computer A is running an algorithm that is far superior in efficiency to that of Computer B. However , if the size of the input-list is increased to a sufficient number , that conclusion is dramatically demonstrated to be in error : Computer A , running the linear search program , exhibits a linear growth rate .
Applied to the above table : It is clearly seen that the first algorithm exhibits a linear order of growth indeed following the power rule .
The specific amount of time to carry out a given instruction will vary depending on which instruction is being executed and which computer is executing it , but on a conventional computer , this amount will be deterministic .
In the algorithm above , steps 1 , 2 and 7 will only be run once .
For a worst-case evaluation , it should be assumed that step 3 will be run as well .
The inner loop , on the other hand , is governed by the value of i , which iterates from 1 to n. On the first pass through the outer loop , j iterates from 1 to 1 : The inner loop makes one pass , so running the inner loop body ( step 6 ) consumes T6 time , and the inner loop test ( step 5 ) consumes 2T5 time .
During the next pass through the outer loop , j iterates from 1 to 2 : the inner loop makes two passes , so running the inner loop body ( step 6 ) consumes 2T6 time , and the inner loop test ( step 5 ) consumes 3T5 time .
An inefficient algorithm can also end up requiring an uneconomical amount of computing power or storage in order to run , again rendering it practically useless .
Britain had been repeatedly stripped of troops to support usurpers ' claims to the Roman empire , and after 410 the Roman armies never returned .
There are other early writers whose works can shed light on Ælle 's time , though they do not mention either him or his kingdom .
It also seems consistent with the dates given to assume that Ælle 's battles predate Mons Badonicus .
Procopius 's account is consistent with what is known to be a contemporary colonization of Armorica ( now Brittany , in France ) ; the settlers appear to have been at least partly from Dumnonia ( modern Cornwall ) , and the area acquired regions known as Dumnonée and Cornouaille .
As of 2012 , it is owned by Atari Interactive , a subsidiary of the French publisher Atari , SA ( ASA ) .
In 2003 , Infogrames Inc. licensed the Atari name and logo from Atari Interactive and changed its name to Atari Inc. .
These problems were followed by the video game crash of 1983 , with losses that totaled more than $ 500 million .
used the remaining stock of game console inventory to keep the company afloat while they finished development on a 16/32-bit computer system , the Atari ST .
Infogrames/Atari SA In October 2001 Infogrames ( now Atari , SA ) announced that it was " reinventing " the Atari brand with the launch of two new games featuring a prominent Atari branding on their boxarts : Splashdown and MX Rider .
On April 30 , 2008 , Atari Inc. announced its intentions to accept Infogrames ' buyout offer and to merge with Infogrames .
On December 9 , 2008 , Atari announced that it had acquired Cryptic Studios , an MMORPG developer .
In April 2010 , Atari SA board member and former CEO David Gardner resigned .
As an adjective , the word Afghan also means " of or relating to Afghanistan or its people , language , or culture " .
See also References External links

The primary areas in which the charity is now carrying on programs to achieve its charitable purposes , ranked according to the percentage of time and resources devoted to each program area follow : The charity carried on charitable programs to further its charitable purpose ( s ) ( as defined in its governing documents ) this fiscal period : The University Acadia University is located in the town of Wolfville , Nova Scotia , approximately 100 kilometres northwest of Halifax , Nova Scotia the provincial capital .
Acadia University , established at Wolfville , Nova Scotia in 1838 has a strong Baptist religious affiliation . .
The two major Universities of the day in Nova Scotia were heavily controlled by Denominational structures .
The War Memorial House is dedicated to the war dead from Acadia University during the Second World War Andrew R. Cobb designed several campus buildings including : Raynor Hall Residence , 1916 ; Horton House , designed by Cobb in the Georgian style , and built by James Reid of Yarmouth , Nova Scotia was opened in 1915 as Horton Academy .
In 1967 Emmerson Hall was converted to classrooms and offices for the School of Education .
Unveiled on 16 August 1963 , a wooden and metal organ in Manning Chapel , Acadia University , is dedicated to Acadia University 's war dead of the First World War .
Ray Ivany began his position as President and Vice-Chancellor on 1 April 2009 .
The faculty of Acadia University have been on strike twice in the history of the institution .
Each faculty is further divided into departments and schools specialized in areas of teaching and research .
Because of its pioneering efforts , Acadia is a laureate of Washington ’s Smithsonian Institution and a part of the permanent research collection of the National Museum of American History .
It is the only Canadian university selected for inclusion in the Education and Academia category of the Computerworld Smithsonian Award .
In addition , Acadia University received the Pioneer Award for Ubiquitous Computing .
In October 2006 , Dr. Dinter-Gottlieb established a commission to review the Acadia Advantage learning environment 10 years after inception .
The axes represent the school 's origins in a rural setting , and the determination of its founders who cleared the land and built the school on donated items and labour .
The University seal depicts the Greek goddess of wisdom Athena in front of the first college hall .
The Vice President Academic is Darcy Shea .
The Vice President Finance is Andrea Jeffs .

A cutaway guitar has a redesigned upper bout that removes a section of the soundbox on the underside of the neck , hence the name " cutaway " .
Cedar is also common in the back and sides , as is basswood .
A critical structural and tonal component of an acoustic guitar is the bracing , a systems of struts glued to the inside of the back and top .
Steel-string guitars use different bracing systems from classical guitars , typically using X-bracing instead of fan bracing .
Steel-string guitars are also important in the world of flatpicking , as utilized by such artists as Clarence White , Tony Rice , Bryan Sutton , Doc Watson and David Grier .
Many other luthiers attempt to recreate the guitars of the " Golden Era " of C.F. Martin & Co .
He studied law at the University of Bologna and obtained a doctorate .
Role in the Western Schism The Council of Pisa He was one of the seven cardinal s who , in May 1408 , deserted Pope Gregory XII , and , with those following Antipope Benedict XIII from Avignon , convened the Council of Pisa , of which Cossa became the leader .
Instead , the council deposed him and tried him for heresy , simony , schism and immorality , finding him guilty on all counts .
Death and burial Cossa , as he was again , was imprisoned in Germany .
One of his secretaries concluded that John was " a great man in temporal things , but a complete failure and worthless in spiritual things . "
Numbering issues He should not be confused with Pope John XXIII of the twentieth century .
It was through Pacini that Salieri gained the attention of the composer Florian Leopold Gassmann , who , impressed with his talents and concerned for his future , took the young orphan to Vienna where he personally directed and paid for the remainder of his musical education .
Gassmann 's first act was to take Salieri to the Italian Church to consecrate his teaching and service to God , an event that left a deep impression on Salieri for the rest of his life .
Salieri 's education included instruction in Latin and Italian poetry by Fr .
As a result Salieri continued to live with Gassmann even after Gassmann 's marriage , an arrangement that lasted until the year of Gassmann 's death and Salieri 's own marriage in 1774 .
The work clearly followed in Gluck 's footsteps and embraced his reform of serious opera begun with Orfeo ed Euridice and Alceste .
La fiera would feature characters singing in three languages , a bustling portrayal of the Ascension-tide Fair and Carnival in Venice , and large and lengthy ensembles and choruses .
A pattern to be imitated by later composers , most famously and successfully by Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart in Don Giovanni .
After the financial collapse of the Italian opera company in 1777 due to financial mis-management , Joseph II decided to end the performance of Italian opera , French spoken drama , and ballet .
Upon returning to Vienna following his success in Paris , Salieri met and befriended Lorenzo Da Ponte and had his first professional encounters with Mozart .
This short work also highlighted the typical backstage antics of two high flown sopranos .
He also created a sacred cantata Le Jugement dernier ( The Last Judgement ) .
This resulted in two of his most original operas being consigned to his desk drawer , namely Cublai , gran kan de ' Tartari ( Kublai Grand Kahn of Tartary ) a satire on the autocracy and court intrigues at the court of the Russian Czarina , Catherine the Great , and Catilina ( Cataline ) a semi-comic-semi-tragic account of the Catiline conspiracy that attempted to overthrow the Roman republic during the consulship of Cicero .
He continued to write new operas per imperial contract until 1804 , when he voluntarily withdrew from the stage .
During this period he lost his only son in 1805 and his wife in 1807 .
His teaching of budding young musicians continued , and among his pupils in composition ( usually vocal ) were Ludwig van Beethoven , Antonio Casimir Cartellieri , Franz Liszt , Franz Schubert and many other luminaries of the early Romantic period .
At his memorial service on 22 June 1825 his own Requiem in C minor – composed in 1804 – was performed for the first time .
Uncovered by dust Eternity shall bloom for you .
Rest in peace !
In eternal harmonies Your spirit now is dissolved .
Works Opera During his time in Vienna , Salieri acquired great prestige as a composer and conductor , particularly of opera , but also of chamber and sacred music .
Mozart wrote to his father in May 1783 about Salieri and Lorenzo Da Ponte , the court poet : " You know those Italian gentlemen ; they are very nice to your face !
The biographer Alexander Wheelock Thayer believes that Mozart 's rivalry with Salieri could have originated with an incident in 1781 when Mozart applied to be the music teacher of Princess Elisabeth of Württemberg , and Salieri was selected instead because of his reputation as a singing teacher .
But at the time of the premiere of Figaro , Salieri was busy with his new French opera Les Horaces .
Patrice Michaels sang a number of his arias on the CD Divas of Mozart 's Day .
Since 2000 , there have also been complete recordings issued or re-issued of the operas Axur Re d'Ormus , Falstaff , Les Danaïdes , La Locandiera , La grotta di Trofonio , Prima la musica e poi le parole and Il mondo alla rovescia .
It is a story that builds on the rivalry between a meticulous but untested officer ( Gandolfini ) serving as the warden of a military prison and an imprisoned but much admired and highly decorated general ( Redford ) .
Some activists try to persuade people to change their behavior directly , rather than to persuade governments to change or not to change laws .
In exchange for building the tunnel , the City of Brooklyn granted the B&J permission to operate its steam locomotives on Atlantic Street west of Fifth Avenue ( then Parmentier 's Garden/Gowanus Lane ) , all the way to Brooklyn 's South Ferry ( the present location of Brooklyn 's Pier 7 ) .
Prior to the tunnel being built , the LIRR 's western terminus was Atlantic Street at Clinton Street .
It became an object of local folklore and legend .
Rediscovery Having fallen from public notice , the tunnel was rediscovered in 1981 by then 18-year-old Robert " Bob " Diamond , who entered from a manhole he located at Atlantic Avenue and Court Street , crawled a distance of underground through a filled-in section of tunnel less than two feet high , and located the bulkhead wall that sealed off the main portion of the tunnel .
With the assistance of a Brooklyn Union Gas Co. ( now National Grid ) engineering crew , he then broke through the massive concrete bulkhead wall , which is several feet thick .
Diamond thereby opened access to the main portion of the tunnel , and began to popularize the tunnel as an antiquity .
The shelter provided by these two mountainous ridges has produced a " micro climate " which provides relatively mild temperatures for the region and , coupled with the fertile glacial sedimentary soils on the valley floor , the region is conducive to growing vegetable and fruit crops .
Within the valley itself are two " major " rivers , the Annapolis River which flows west from the Caribou Bog in the central part of the valley into the Annapolis Basin , and the Cornwallis River which flows east from Caribou Bog into the Minas Basin .
Farmers markets in Annapolis Royal , Bridgetown , Middleton , Kentville , Kingsport , Berwick and Wolfville bring a wealth of fresh produce and other fine goods to the public every week .

An analgesic is any member of the group of drugs used to achieve , relief from pain .
NSAIDs predispose to peptic ulcer s , renal failure , allergic reactions , and occasionally hearing loss , and they can increase the risk of hemorrhage by affecting platelet function .
Etoricoxib seems relatively safe , with the risk of thrombotic events similar to that of non-coxib NSAID diclofenac .
Patients starting morphine may experience nausea and vomiting ( generally relieved by a short course of antiemetic s such as phenergan ) .
Pruritus ( itching ) may require switching to a different opioid .
Examples Abiotic stress comes in many forms .
The most basic stressors include : high winds , extreme temperatures , drought , flood , and other natural disasters , such as tornado es and wildfires .
Although these effects may be either beneficial or detrimental , the location of the area is crucial in determining the extent of the impact that abiotic stress will have .
The higher the latitude of the area affected , the greater the impact of abiotic stress will be on that area .
Even though it is healthy for an ecosystem , a wildfire can still be considered an abiotic stressor , because it puts an obvious stress on individual organisms within the area .
They act very similarly when exposed to ultraviolet light and most toxins , but at elevated temperatures the phytoplankton reacts negatively , while the thermophilic zooplankton reacts positively to the increase in temperature .
Lastly , abiotic stress has enabled species to grow , develop , and evolve , furthering natural selection as it picks out the weakest of a group of organisms .
For example , cold weather crops like rye , oats , wheat , and apples are expected to decline by about 15 % in the next fifty years and strawberries will drop as much as 32 % simply because of projected climate changes of a few degrees .
The accusative case ( abbreviated ) of a noun is the grammatical case used to mark the direct object of a transitive verb .
Hine , a true accusative masculine third person singular pronoun , is attested in some northern English dialects as late as the 19th century .
HungarianThe accusative case in Hungarian applies to nouns , pronouns ; even to adjectives and numerals when either of them stands alone in the sense of direct object .
Accusative is formed by the suffix - t. In many cases , - t is preceded by a suffix-initial vowel , primarily based on specific vowel harmony , resulting in - at , - et , - ot , or - öt .
His disciple , Cyprian ( Bishop of Carthage 248-58 ) appeals to the same fundamental principle of election to a vacant see in the aftermath of the Decian Persecution when denying the legitimacy of his rigorist rival in Carthage and that of the anti-pope Novatian in Rome ; however , the emphasis is now on legitimating his episcopal ministry as a whole and specifically his exclusive right to administer discipline to the lapsed rather than on the content of what is taught .
This position was stated by John Henry Newman in the following words : We [ priests of the Church of England ] have been born , not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of God .
Basis Those who hold for the importance of episcopal apostolic succession appeal to the New Testament , which , they say , implies a personal apostolic succession ( from Paul to Timothy and Titus , for example ) .
He also points out that when Ignatius writes to the Romans , there is no mention of a bishop of the Roman Church , " which we may suppose had not not yet adopted the monarchical episcopate . "
Churches claiming apostolic succession Churches that claim some form of episcopal apostolic succession , dating back to the apostles or to leaders from the apostolic era , include the Catholic Church , the Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Churches , the Church of the East , the Anglican Communion , the Liberal Catholic Church and some Lutheran Church es ( see below ) .
The Orthodox Church of Cyprus , based at New Justiana ( Erdek ) , claims to have been founded by the apostles Saints Paul and Barnabas The Russian Orthodox Church claims a connection with Saint Andrew , who is said to have visited the area where the city of Kiev later arose .
Papal primacy is different though related to apostolic succession as described here .
Catholicism holds that Christ entrusted the Apostles with the leadership of the community of believers , and the obligation to transmit and preserve the " deposit of faith " ( the experience of Christ and his teachings contained in the doctrinal " tradition " handed down from the time of the apostles and the written portion , which is Scripture ) .
Views concerning other churches The Eastern Orthodox have often permitted non-Orthodox clergy to be rapidly ordained within Orthodoxy as a matter of pastoral necessity and economia .
Recognition of Roman Catholic orders by the Russian Orthodox Church was stipulated in 1667 by the Synod of Moscow , but this position is not universal within the Eastern Orthodox communion .
Its claim to apostolic succession is rooted in the Church of England 's evolution as part of the Western Church .
When Henry VIII broke away from the jurisdiction of Rome in 1533/4 , the English Church retained the episcopal polity and apostolic succession inherent in its Catholic past ; however , Protestant theology gained a certain foothold and under his successor , Edward VI what had been an administrative schism became a Protestant reformation under the guiding hand of Thomas Cranmer .
, but the doctrine did not really come to the fore until the time of the Tractarians .
He goes on to explain that they ascribed to early Anglican authors a far more exclusive version of the doctrine than was the case , they blurred the distinction between succession in office ( Irenaeus ) and succession in consecration ( Augustine ) ; they spoke of apostolic succession as the channel of grace in a way that failed to do justice to His gracious activity within all the dispensations of the New Covenant .
( pp .
Timothy Dufort , writing in The Tablet in 1982 , argued that by 1969 all Anglican bishops had acquired apostolic succession fully recognized by Rome , since from the 1930s Old Catholic bishops ( whose orders Rome recognizes as valid ) have acted as co-consecrators in the ordination of Anglican bishops .
This view is not accepted by the Roman Catholic Church itself , which continues to require that Anglican clergy be ordained absolutely ( not conditionally ) if they are to exercise a ministry in that church .
The members of these brotherhoods do not form into separate ecclesia .
Luther 's reform movement , however , usually did not as a rule abrogate the ecclesiastic office of Bishop .
Other conservative Lutherans , however , may favor High Church Lutheranism which remains generally favorable to the traditional doctrine of Apostolic Succession ( see above ) .
In light of Wesley 's episcopal consecration , the Methodist Church can lay a claim on apostolic succession , as understood in the traditional sense .
In order to preserve apostolic succession , three Moravian Brethren were consecrated bishops by Bishop Stephen of Austria , a Waldensian bishop who had been ordained by a Roman Catholic bishop in 1434 .
It was originally called L-hexuronic acid , but when it was found to have vitamin C activity in animals ( " vitamin C " being defined as a vitamin activity , not then a specific substance ) , the suggestion was made to rename L-hexuronic acid .
From 1928 to 1932 , the Hungarian research team led by Albert Szent-Györgyi , as well as that of the American researcher Charles Glen King , identified the antiscorbutic factor as a particular single chemical substance .
Most of these pathways are derived from products found in glycolysis and other pathways .
A more biotechnological process , first developed in China in the 1960s but further developed in the 1990s , bypasses the use of acetone protecting groups .
The preceding iodometric method has been revised to exploit reaction of ascorbic acid with iodate and iodide in acid solution .
Ajax 's last international trophies were the 1995 Intercontinental Cup and the 1995 Champions League , where they defeated Milan in the final ; they lost the 1996 Champions League final on penalties to Juventus .
With five national championships ( 1931 , 1932 , 1934 , 1937 , 1939 ) , Ajax was the most successful Dutch team of the nineteen thirties .
In 1969 – 70 Ajax won the Dutch league championship , winning 27 out of 34 games and scoring 100 goals .
Cruijff departed prior to the second Cup Winners Cup final and with most of the 80 's stars such as van Basten also leaving , Ajax once again declined .
Dennis Bergkamp scored six goals in the competition and was the top goalscorer in Dutch football in 1991 and 1992 .
However , the subsequent period saw the departure of manager van Gaal along with an exodus of many key players including Clarence Seedorf in 1995 ; Edgar Davids , Michael Reiziger , Finidi George , and Nwankwo Kanu in 1996 ; Patrick Kluivert , Marc Overmars , and Winston Bogarde in 1997 ; Ronald de Boer and Frank de Boer in 1998 ; and Edwin van der Sar and Jari Litmanen in 1999 .
The matches are known for their tension and violence , both on and off the pitch .
The rivalry has existed for some time with PSV and stems from various causes , such as the different interpretations of whether current national and international successes of both clubs and the supposed opposition between the Randstad and the province .
Affiliated clubs The following clubs are currently affiliated with AFC Ajax : The following clubs were affiliated with AFC Ajax in the past : Logo In 1900 , when the club was founded , the emblem of Ajax was just a picture of an Ajax player .
The new logo still sports the portrait of Ajax , but drawn with just 11 lines , symbolizing the 11 players of a football team .
The stadium is capable of holding approximately 52,000 people .
During the 2008 – 2009 season groundstaff introduced an artificial lighting system that has finally reduced this problem considerably .
Jewish connection Historically , Ajax was popularly seen as having " Jewish roots " , although not an official Jewish club like the city 's WV-HEDW Ajax has had a Jewish image since the 1930s when the home stadium was located next to a Jewish neighbourhood of Amsterdam-Oost and opponents saw many supporters walking through this neighbourhood to get to the stadium .
He is famous for his work regarding the theory of relativity .
He spent the first year in a general course , but turned to physics for the next three years .
He developed a new statistical method based on the apparent drift of two background stars , winning him the Smith 's Prize in 1907 .
He began by extending Karl Schwarzschild 's earlier work on radiation pressure in Emden polytropic models .
James Jeans contributed the important suggestion that stellar matter would certainly be ionized , but that was the end of any collaboration between the pair , who became famous for their lively debates .
This had the unexpected result of showing that virtually all stars , including giants and dwarfs , behaved as ideal gases .
In the process of developing his stellar models , he sought to overturn current thinking about the sources of stellar energy .
With these assumptions , he demonstrated that the interior temperature of stars must be millions of degrees .
Many of these were gathered into books , including The Nature of the Physical World and New Pathways in Science .
However , this presupposes that we could observe that the objective world has material properties .
Cosmology Eddington was also heavily involved with the development of the first generation of general relativistic cosmological models .
In The Mathematical Theory of Relativity , Eddington interpreted the cosmological constant to mean that the universe is " self-gauging " .
Eddington 's best E-number is a very impressive 84 .

The Disk II interface , created by Steve Wozniak , was regarded as an engineering masterpiece for its economy of electronic components .
The Group Code Recording used by the controller was simpler and easier to implement in software than the more common MFM .
Eventually , Apple II accelerator cards were created to double or quadruple the computer 's speed .
Isaacson quotes Wozniak saying that this was not something he could have done . "
See also References


1970s to 1984 In 1973 , he formed another group , Snape , with Boz Burrell , Mel Collins , and Ian Wallace , who were previously together in King Crimson .
In the mid-1970s , while touring Germany , Korner established an intensive working relationship with bassist Colin Hodgkinson who played for the support act Back Door .
In 1981 , Korner joined another " supergroup " , Rocket 88 , a project led by Ian Stewart based on boogie-woogie keyboard players , which featured a rhythm section comprising Jack Bruce and Charlie Watts , among others , as well as a horn section .
Historically the custom-built fully armored assault guns usually mounted the gun or howitzer in a fully enclosed casemate on a tank chassis .
This was not a success in battle , and was replaced with a very successful series of increasingly powerful turretless assault guns : the SU-76 , SU-122 , and the heavy SU-152 , which were followed by the ISU-122 and ISU-152 on the new IS heavy tank chassis .
The latter two were very heavy vehicles and were built only in small quantities .
However , command problems ensued , as the assault guns were considered to be artillery by the Wehrmacht and therefore the assault guns were not under the control of the Panzer unit 's commanding officer , reducing unit effectiveness .
The Soviet Union and the United States were the most attracted to the idea of providing this capability to traditionally light airborne forces .
The latter allowed accommodation of a more powerful gun than could be mounted in a turreted tank on the same chassis , and increased the vehicle 's internal volume , allowing for increased ammunition stowage and crew comfort .
After hard lessons early in the war , machine guns were mounted for use against infantry but the limited traverse of the mounting meant that they were still less effective than those used on turreted tanks .
Captured Soviet anti-tank guns were mounted on modified Panzer II chassis , producing the Marder II self-propelled anti-tank gun .
The " open-topped " design format of the Panzerjäger vehicles was succeeded by the Jagdpanzer ' ( " hunting tanks " ) which mounted the gun in true casemate-style superstructures , completely enclosing the crew compartment in armor that would usually be integral to the hull .
The results were smaller , lighter , and simpler to build than tanks , but could carry larger guns .
United States U.S. Army and counterpart British designs were very different in conception .
Only a few shots were expected to be fired from any firing position .
By far the most common US design was the 3in Gun Motor Carriage M10 ( Wolverine ) , later supplemented by the 90 mm Gun Motor Carriage M36 ( Jackson ) - both based on the M4 Sherman hull and powertrain - and the 76 mm Gun Motor Carriage M18 ( Hellcat ) , based on a unique hull and powertrain design , with a slight visual resemblance to what was used for the later M24 Chaffee light tank .
The M18 came closest to the US ideal ; the vehicle was very fast , small , and mounted a gun in a roofless open turret .
The only dedicated American-origin , casemate hull design fighting vehicle of any type to be built during the war , that resembled the German and Soviet tank destroyers in hull and general gun mounting design , was the experimental T28 Super Heavy Tank , which mounted a 105 mm T5E1 long-barrel cannon , which had a maximum firing range of 12 miles ( 20 km ) , and was originally designed as a self-propelled assault gun to breach Germany 's Siegfried Line defenses .
Of these tank destroyers , only the gun of the M36 proved to be effective against the frontal armor of Germans ' larger armored vehicles at long range .
The result was a number of attempts to make a light vehicle , including the conventional ASU-85 , the recoilless rifle-armed Ontos , and missile-armed Hornet Malkara armored car and Sheridan light assault vehicle .
Originally , the Canadian Forces had considered replacing their aging Leopard 1 tanks with the Stryker Mobile Gun System .
[[2287]]
World War I Generally , the armored cars were used by more or less independent car commanders .
In British service it was named ' Greyhound ' .
Armored cars are typically less expensive and on roads have better speed and range than tracked military vehicles .
Light armored cars , such as the British Ferret are armed with just a machine gun .
Heavier vehicles are armed with autocannon or a small tank gun .
They are often in dual or quadruple mounts , allowing a high rate of fire .
Similar types , based on 3-ton lorries , were produced in Britain , Canada and Australia , and together formed the most numerous self-propelled AA guns in British service .

KFC had been founded in 1910 , had nearly become National Champion in 1934 through a narrow loss to Ajax in the finals , and had been professional since 1955 .
In 1964 , the brothers Jos and Klaas Molenaar , former players for KFC and owners of a growing appliance store chain , sought to create a powerful football team in the Zaanstreek by merging the two local professional teams ( KFC and ZFC ) .
AZ had a very good 2006 – 07 season , which ended , however , in disaster .
In order to further grow the club 's budget , the AZ board of directors has decided to extend the capacity of the new stadium to a minimum of 30,000 seated spectators somewhere in the near future .

Anatomy and physiology The adrenal glands are located in the retroperitoneum superior to the kidney s , they are quadrilaterial in shape and are situated bilaterally .

Since then the corporate headquarters have moved to New York City at 1 Park Avenue in Manhattan , before moving to the Financial District to the former JP Morgan Chase headquarters at 4 New York Plaza .
In November 2010 , American Media filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection due to nearly $ 1 billion in debt , and assets of less than $ 50,000 .
It exited in December .
Aramaic is a family of languages ( traditionally referred to as " dialects " ) belonging to the Semitic family , and more specifically , is a part of the Northwest Semitic subfamily , which also includes Canaanite languages such as Hebrew and Phoenician .
During its 3,000-year written history , Aramaic has served variously as a language of administration of empires and as a language of divine worship .
Some Aramaic languages are known under different names ; for example , Syriac is particularly used to describe the Eastern Aramaic of indigenous Christian ethnic communities of Assyrians ( aka Chaldo-Assyrians ) in Iraq , southeastern Turkey , northeastern Syria and northwest Iran .
The alphabet of Aramaic at this early period seems to be based on Phoenician , and there is a unity in the written language .
However , a post-Achaemenid Aramaic continued to flourish from Judaea , Assyria , Mesopotamia , through the Syrian Desert and into northern Arabia and Parthia .
According to historical criticism , defiant Jewish propaganda shaped Aramaic Daniel during Seleucid rule .
This might be one factor that led to differing collections of Daniel in the Greek Septuagint and the Masoretic Text , which presents a lightly Hebrew - influenced Aramaic .
Under the category of post-Achaemenid is Hasmonaean Aramaic , the official language of Hasmonaean Judaea ( 142 – 37 BCE ) .
The Galilean Targum was not considered an authoritative work by other communities , and documentary evidence shows that its text was amended .
The dialect is based on Achaemenid with a little influence from Arabic : " l " is often turned into " n " , and there are a few Arabic loan words .
It was written in a rounded script , which later gave way to cursive Estrangela .
However , these regional dialects became written languages in the 2nd century BCE .
Josephus ' first , non-extant edition of his Jewish War was written in Old Judaean .
In addition to the formal , literary dialects of Aramaic based on Hasmonaean and Babylonian there were a number of colloquial Aramaic dialects .
Samaria had its distinctive Samaritan Aramaic , where the consonants " he " , " " and " ‘ ayin " all became pronounced as " aleph " .
The Greek of the New Testament often preserves non-Greek semiticisms , including transliterations of Semitic words : The 2004 film The Passion of the Christ is notable for its use of much dialogue in Aramaic only , specially reconstructed by a scholar , but not an Aramaic specialist , William Fulco .
It originated in Sassanid Assyria ( Assuristan ) .
Mandaic Mandaic , spoken by the Mandeans of Iraq , is a sister dialect to Jewish Babylonian Aramaic , though it is both linguistically and culturally distinct .
The Galilean dialect thus rose from obscurity to become the standard among Jews in the west .
It is the linguistic setting for the Jerusalem Talmud ( completed in the 5th century ) , Palestinian targum im ( Jewish Aramaic versions of scripture ) , and midrash im ( biblical commentaries and teaching ) .
It is quite distinct from any other Aramaic variety .
The cardinal open vowel is an open near-front unrounded vowel ( " short " a , somewhat like the first vowel in the English " batter " , ) .
Both of these have shorter counterparts , which tend to be pronounced slightly more open .
Using their alphabetic names , these emphatics are : Ancient Aramaic may have had a larger series of emphatics , and some Neo-Aramaic languages definitely do .
Aramaic classically has a set of four sibilants ( Ancient Aramaic may have had six ) : In addition to these sets , Aramaic has the nasal consonants m and n , and the approximants r ( usually an alveolar trill ) , l , y and w. Historical sound changes Six broad features of sound change can be seen as dialect differentials : Grammar As with other Semitic languages , Aramaic morphology ( the way words are formed ) is based on the triliteral root .
Likewise , some Jewish Aramaic texts employ the Hebrew masculine absolute singular suffix - îm instead of - în .
Aramaic also employs a system of conjugation s , or verbal stems , to mark intensive and extensive developments in the lexical meaning of verbs .
Following the tradition of mediaeval Arabic grammarians , it is more often called the Pə ‘ al ( also written Pe‘al ) , using the form of the triliteral root P - ‘ - L , meaning " to do " .
These three conjugations are supplemented with three derived conjugations , produced by the preformative hiṯ - or eṯ - .
Their meaning is usually reflexive , but later became passive .
He rejoined Paul when he was in Macedon , and cheered him with the tidings he brought from Corinth .
According to the Department of Defense , the " Order of Titus award is the only award presented by the Chief of Chaplains to recognize outstanding performance of ministry by chaplains and chaplain assistants .
Within the actinides , there are two overlapping groups : transuranium elements , which follow uranium in the periodic table — and transplutonium element s , which follow plutonium .
This inobservation was attributed to spontaneous fission owing to the large speed of the products and to other decay channels , such as neutron emission and nuclear fission .
Only 60 years later , the French scientist Eugène-Melchior Péligot identified it with uranium oxide .
Plutonium and above Transuranium elements do not occur in sizeable quantities in nature and are commonly synthesized via nuclear reaction s conducted with nuclear reactors .
For example , under irradiation with reactor neutrons , uranium-238 partially converts to plutonium-239 : In this way , Enrico Fermi with collaborators , using the first nuclear reactor Chicago Pile-1 , obtained significant amounts of plutonium-239 , which were then used in nuclear weapons .
Nevertheless , the Berkeley team were able to prepare einsteinium and fermium by civilian means , through the neutron bombardment of plutonium-239 , and published this work in 1954 with the disclaimer that it was not the first studies that had been carried out on the elements .
The mass number of this isotope was not clearly established ( possibly 258 or 259 ) at the time .
from 243Am and 18O .
Isotopes Thirty-one isotopes of actinium and eight excited isomeric states of some of its nuclide s were identified by 2010 .
All the isotopes have short lifetime , except for protactinium-231 ( half-life 32,760 years ) .
More long-lived isotopes of curium ( 245 – 248Cm , all α-emitters ) are formed as a mixture during neutron irradiation of plutonium or americium .
Prolonged neutron irradiation also produces a long-lived isotope 254Es ( t ½ = 275.5 days ) .
Another alpha emitter , 258Md , has a half-life of 53 days .
Long-lived isotopes of nobelium and isotopes of lawrencium ( and of heavier elements ) have relatively small half-lives .
The longest-lived nobelium isotope 259No has a half-life of 1.5 hours .
Extraction Owing to the low abundance of actinides , their extraction is a complex , multistep process .
The disadvantage is that tetravalent uranium compounds precipitate as well .
Ion exchange processes in the resins result in separation of uranium .
The major difficulty in separation of actinium is the similarity of its properties with those of lanthanum .
Properties Actinides have similar properties to lanthanides .
The melting point of actinides does not have a clear dependence on the number of f-electrons .
Chemical properties Like the lanthanides , all actinides are highly reactive with halogen s and chalcogen s ; however , the actinides react more easily .
Thorium is rather active chemically .
jpg | Uranium hexafluoride File : Yellowcake .
jpg | U 3 O 8 ( yellowcake ) Compounds Oxides and hydroxides Some actinides can exists in several oxide forms such as An2O3 , AnO2 , An2O5 and AnO3 .
Adding 0.8 – 1 % ThO2 to tungsten stabilizes its structure , so the doped filaments have better mechanical stability to vibrations .
Decomposition of certain salts of uranium , for example UO2 ( NO3 ) · 6H2O in air at 400 ° C , yields orange or yellow UO3 .
Uranium easily yields a colorless hexafluoride , which sublimates at a temperature of 56.5 ° C ; because of its volatility , it is used in the separation of uranium isotopes with gas centrifuge or gaseous diffusion .
Actinide salts can also be obtained by dissolving the corresponding hydroxides in acids .
Of importance , is that 235U emits more neutrons than it absorbs ; upon reaching the critical mass , 235U enters into a self-sustaining chain reaction .
Uranium-239 converts via β-decay into plutonium-239 , which , like uranium-235 , is capable of spontaneous fission .
Plutonium-based designs allow reducing the critical mass to about a third of that for uranium-235 .
Therefore this isotope ( ~ 160 mg ) is used as the energy source in heart pacemakers where it lasts about 5 times longer than conventional batteries .
228Ac - 228Ra mixtures are widely used as an intense gamma-source in industry and medicine .
A key need is application of actinide solid solutions in durable crystalline host phases .
Miller was often in the public eye , particularly during the late 1940s , 1950s and early 1960s , a period during which he testified before the House Un-American Activities Committee , received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama , and was married to Marilyn Monroe .
Miller enrolled in a playwriting seminar taught by the influential Professor Kenneth Rowe , who instructed him in his early forays into playwriting ; Rowe emphasized how a play is built in order to achieve its intended effect , or what Miller called " the dynamics of play construction " .
In 1940 , he married Mary Grace Slattery .
Though widely considered only somewhat successful at the time of its initial release , today The Crucible is Miller 's most frequently produced work throughout the world and was adapted into an opera by Robert Ward , which won the Pulitzer Prize for Music in 1962 .
Miller and Kazan were close friends throughout the late 1940s and early 1950s , but after Kazan 's testimony to the HUAC , the pair 's friendship ended , and they did not speak to each other for the next ten years .
Miller and Monroe had met in April 23 , 1951 , when they had a brief affair , and had remained in contact since then .
When Miller attended the hearing , to which Monroe accompanied him , risking her own career , he gave the committee a detailed account of his political activities .
Miller married photographer Inge Morath on February 17 , 1962 and the first of their two children , Rebecca , was born September 15 , 1962 .
The couple remained together until Inge 's death in 2002 .
Both his 1972 comedy The Creation of the World and Other Business and its musical adaptation , Up from Paradise , were critical and commercial failures .
During the early 1990s Miller wrote three new plays , The Ride Down Mt. Morgan ( 1991 ) , The Last Yankee ( 1992 ) , and Broken Glass ( 1994 ) .
Miller 's lecture was entitled " On Politics and the Art of Acting . "
In 1999 Miller was awarded The Dorothy and Lillian Gish Prize , one of the richest prizes in the arts , given annually to " a man or woman who has made an outstanding contribution to the beauty of the world and to mankind ’s enjoyment and understanding of life . "
On May 1 , 2002 , Miller was awarded Spain 's Principe de Asturias Prize for Literature as " the undisputed master of modern drama . "
In December 2004 , the 89-year-old Miller announced that he had been in love with 34-year-old minimalist painter Agnes Barley and had been living with her at his Connecticut farm since 2002 , and that they intended to marry .
Christopher Bigsby wrote Arthur Miller : The Definitive Biography based on boxes of papers Miller made available to him before his death in 2005 .

Early life Diabelli was born in Mattsee near Salzburg .
A master of promotion , Diabelli selected widely-accessible music such as famous opera tune arrangements , dance music , or hundreds of the latest popular comic theater songsThe firm soon established a reputation in more serious music circles by championing the works of Franz Schubert .
Compositions Diabelli produced a number of well known works as a composer , including an operetta called Adam in der Klemme , several mass es and song s and numerous piano and classical guitar pieces .
The hearings were initially completed , with Thomas 's good character being presented as a primary qualification for the high court because he had only been a judge for slightly more than one year .
Thomas 's supporters questioned Hill 's credibility claiming she was delusional or was a spurned woman , seeking revenge .
After being informed that the call was indeed from Virginia Thomas , Hill told the media that she did not believe the message was meant to be conciliatory and said , " I testified truthfully about my experience and I stand by that testimony . "
In their anthology , All the Women Are White , All the Blacks Are Men , but Some of Us Are Brave , editors Gloria T. Hull , Patricia Bell Scott and Barbara Smith described black feminists mobilizing " a remarkable national response to the Anita Hill-Clarence Thomas controversy .
Awards and honors In 2005 Hill was selected as a Fletcher Foundation Fellow .
An audio file format is a file format for storing digital audio data on a computer system .
WAV and AIFF are flexible file formats designed to store more or less any combination of sampling rates or bitrates .

It instead appears to be used for highly classified military/defense Special Access Program s ( SAP ) , which are unacknowledged publicly by the government , military personnel , and defense contractors .
The intense secrecy surrounding the base , whose very existence the U.S. government did not even acknowledge until 29 September 1995 , has made it the frequent subject of conspiracy theories and a central component to unidentified flying object ( UFO ) folklore .
Security and operations Unlike much of the Nellis range , the area surrounding the lake is permanently off-limits both to civilian and normal military air traffic .
Radar stations protect the area , and unauthorized personnel are quickly expelled .
It should be noted that NONE of these roads are public highways and should not be used .
Station area It appears that once road traffic reaches the base , vehicles are routed to a large facility where imagery shows a large number of tractor-trailers and other vehicles are parked .
It is not known how many personnel may be stationed at Groom Lake or the length of their tour of duty .
No military family housing units are located on the base .
The south side maintenance area appears to be of relatively new construction , with modern buildings and recently-constructed aircraft taxiways and hangars of the current area .
A third fenced area , consisting of large dirt mounds , is visible ; there is some natural vegetation growing on the mounds .
Background World War II The first known use of the area was the construction in 1941 of an auxiliary airfield for the West Coast Air Corps Training Center at Las Vegas Air Field .
The base 's few amenities included a movie theatre and volleyball court .
It also had to have good weather , the necessary housing and fuel supplies , and an eighty-five-hundred-foot runway .
None of the air force bases met the security requirements , although , for a time , Edwards Air Force Base was considered .
Restricted continuously at all altitudes , the airspace occupies the center of the Nellis Air Force Range .
All those at Groom Lake not connected with the Oxcart program were herded into the mess hall before each takeoff .
The concept of a strike A-12 with strategic bombing capabilities ran into political problems from both the Air Force , which was involved with the XB-70 Valkyrie program at the time and a lack of enthusiasm from Defense Secretary Robert S. McNamara .
Starting in November 1965 , even as the A-12 was declared operational for use by the CIA and planning was made for its use , doubts were expressed about the cost of operating the two separate groups of A-12s and SR-71s .
After a year or more of debate , it was decided on 10 January 1967 , to phase out the CIA A-12 program .
The CIA 's nine remaining A-12s were placed in storage at Palmdale in June 1968 and the 1129th SAS was inactivated .
All surviving aircraft remained there for nearly 20 years before being sent to museums around the United States .
A second D-12 flight was successful in April 1966 with the drone flying 1,200 miles , reaching Mach 3.3 and 90,000 feet .
An accident on 30 July 1966 with a fully fueled D-21 , on a planned checkout flight suffered from a non-start of the drone after its separation , causing it to collide with the M-21 launch aircraft .
Kelly Johnson personally cancelled the entire program , having had serious doubts from the start of the feasibility .
The remaining drones were transferred by a C-5A and placed in dead storage .
Speculation about the D-21Bs circulated within aviation circles for years , and it was not until 1982 that details of the Tagboard program were released .
After the war , testing of acquired foreign technology was performed by the Air Technical Intelligence Center ( ATIC , which became very influential during the Korean War ) , under the direct command of the Air Materiel Control Department .
The Have Doughnut tests showed this most strongly .
The Air Force pilots would not go vertical in the MiG-21 .
It had an extremely simple , even crude , control system which lacked the power-boosted controls of American aircraft .
The F-4 's twin engines were so powerful it could accelerate out of range of the MiG-17 's guns in thirty seconds .
The most important result of Project Have Drill is that no Navy pilot who flew in the project defeated the MiG 17 Fresco in the first engagement .
A complex of actual and replica Soviet-type threat systems began to grow around " Slater Lake " , a mile northwest of the main base , along with an acquired Soviet " Barlock " search radar placed at Tonopah Air Force Station .
Lockheed test pilots put the YF-117 through its early paces .
The 6,000 ft runway was lengthened to 10,000 ft. Taxiways , a concrete apron , a large maintenance hangar , and a propane storage tank were added .
After finding a large scorpion in their offices , the testing team ( Designated " R Unit " ) adopted it as their mascot and dubbed themselves the " Baja Scorpions . "
Of course , this meant that the reverse actions had to occur at the end of the depot work before the aircraft could be reassembled , flight-tested , and redelivered , again under the cover of darkness .
On 17 May 1982 , the move of the 4450th TG from Groom Lake to Tonoaph was initiated , with the final components of the move completed in early 1983 .
As the Baja Scorpions tested the aircraft with functional check flights and L.O. verification , the operational airplanes were then transferred to the 4450th TG at Tonopah .
In February/March 1992 the test unit moved from Area 51 to the USAF Palmdale Plant 42 and was integrated with the Air Force Systems Command 6510th Test Squadron .
Over the past 20 years since the end of F-117A testing , the base has been expanded with new facilities , and a new main runway being built in the 1990s .
The complainants alleged they had sustained skin , liver , and respiratory injuries due to their work at Groom , and that this had contributed to the deaths of Frost and Kasza .
Remarks on the memo , handwritten apparently by DCI ( Director of Central Intelligence ) Colby himself , read : The declassified documents do not disclose the outcome of discussions regarding the Skylab imagery .
Some of the activities mentioned in such theories at Area 51 include : Many of the hypotheses concern underground facilities at Groom or at Papoose Lake ( AKA " S-4 location " ) , south , and include claims of a transcontinental underground railroad system , a disappearing airstrip ( nicknamed the " Cheshire Airstrip " , after Lewis Carroll 's Cheshire cat ) which briefly appears when water is sprayed onto its camouflaged asphalt , and engineering based on alien technology .
Publicly available satellite imagery , however , reveals clearly visible landing strips at Groom Dry Lake , but not at Papoose Lake .
Veterans of experimental projects such as OXCART and NERVA at Area 51 agree that their work ( including 2,850 OXCART test flights alone ) inadvertently prompted many of the UFO sightings and other rumors : They believe that the rumors helped maintain secrecy over Area 51 's actual operations .
The area is connected to the internal NTS road network , with paved roads leading south to Mercury and west to Yucca Flat .
The lake at elevation is approximately from north to south and from east to west at its widest point .
[[2322]]
This analysis neglects other potential bottlenecks such as memory bandwidth and I/O bandwidth , if they do not scale with the number of processors ; however , taking into account such bottlenecks would tend to further demonstrate the diminishing returns of only adding processors .
If the non-parallelizable portion of the problem is fixed , or grows very slowly with problem size ( e.g. , O ( log n ) ) , then additional processors can increase the possible problem size without limit .

It 's nearly always said that people experience profound positive changes in their life subsequent to consuming ayahuasca and it is often viewed as one of the most effective tools of enlightenment .
Nomenclature Ayahuasca is known by many names throughout Northern South America and Brazil .
Preparation Sections of Banisteriopsis caapi vine are macerated and boiled alone or with leaves from any of a number of other plants , including Psychotria viridis ( chacruna ) or Diplopterys cabrerana ( also known as chaliponga ) .
However , evidence indicates that harmala alkaloids act only on MAO-A , in a reversible way similar to moclobemide ( an antidepressant that does not require dietary restrictions ) .
This initiation challenges and trains the initiate through extreme circumstances involving a special diet and numerous different plant medicines to complement the ayahuasca , the lack of western food and conveniences , the harsh environmental conditions of heavy rains , storms , intense heat , insects , and venomous animals .
Since then groups that are not affiliated to the Santo Daime have used ayahuasca , and a number of different ' styles ' have been developed , such as the non-religious approach developed by Daniel Waterman in 2001 , popularly termed Ayahuasca Open Style ( AOS ) .
In recent years , the tea has been popularized by Wade Davis ( The Serpent and The Rainbow ) , English novelist Martin Goodman in I Was Carlos Castaneda , Chilean novelist Isabel Allende , writer Kira Salak , author Jeremy Narby ( The Cosmic Serpent ) , author Jay Griffiths ( " Wild : An Elemental Journey " ) , and radio personality Robin Quivers .
A fax from the Secretary of the International Narcotics Control Board to the Netherlands Ministry of Public Health sent in 2001 goes on to state that " Consequently , preparations ( e.g. decoctions ) made of these plants , including ayahuasca , are not under international control and , therefore , not subject to any of the articles of the 1971 Convention . "
The legal status in the United States of DMT-containing plants is somewhat questionable .
Other legal issues Ayahuasca has also stirred debate regarding intellectual property protection of traditional knowledge .
Later that year the PTO issued a decision rejecting the patent , on the basis that the petitioners ' arguments that the plant was not " distinctive or novel " were valid .


Abbe numbers are used to classify glass and other optically transparent materials .


Indo-European languages Latin Nouns in the Latin ablative case ( ablativus ) are mainly used adverb ially to modify verb s. The ablative case has 15 uses , descending from three Proto-Indo-European cases : ablative ( from ) , instrumental ( with ) , and locative ( in/at ) .
Albanian The ablative case is found in Albanian where it is the fifth case and is called rasa rrjedhore .
Usage Hungarian The ablative case in Hungarian is used to describe movement away from a solid object .
This means that if one said a postától jövök it would mean one is coming from being stood next to the post office , and that you were not inside the building .
These are applied to back - and front-vowel words respectively .
The Adamic language is , according to Jews ( as recorded in the midrash im ) and some Christians , the language spoken by Adam ( and possibly Eve ) in the Garden of Eden .
Medieval Traditional Jewish exegesis such as Midrash ( Genesis Rabbah 38 ) says that Adam spoke Hebrew because the names he gives Eve - " Isha " ( Book of Genesis 2:23 ) and " Chava " ( Genesis 3:20 ) - only make sense in Hebrew .
Dante addresses the topic in his De Vulgari Eloquentia .
In his Divina Commedia , however , Dante changes his view to another that treats the Adamic language as the product of Adam .
LDS Apostle Orson Pratt declared that " Ahman " , part of the name of the settlement " Adam-ondi-Ahman " in Daviess County , Missouri , was the name of God in the Adamic language .
This development was further strengthened by the establishment ( in 1996 ) of a series of conferences on the Evolution of Language ( now known as " Evolang " ) , promoting a scientific , multidisciplinary approach to the issue , and interest from major academic publishers ( e.g. , the Studies in the Evolution of Language series has been appearing with Oxford University Press since 2001 ) and scientific journals .

Herbert Lindenberger in his book Opera in History , for example , views Mahagonny alongside Schoenberg 's Moses und Aron as indicative of the two poles of modernist opera .
This production was recorded on DVD , and subsequently won the 2009 Grammy Award s for " Best Classical Album " and " Best Opera Recording . "
asks Jim , but Jenny evades answering .
Begbick suggests going back to civilization , but Fatty reminds her that the federal agents have been inquiring for her in nearby Pensacola .
His three friends , in close harmony , try to persuade him to stay .
With growing anger , Jimmy sings of how his hard work and suffering in Alaska have led only to this .
Everyone sings in horror of the destruction awaiting them .
Scene 11Tensely , people watch for the hurricane 's arrival .
Since Man can outdo any hurricane , fear makes no sense .
Act 2 Scene 12Magically , the hurricane bypasses Mahagonny , and the people sing in awe of their miraculous rescue .
Scene 14 : Loving .
Jim , increasingly drunk , dreams of sailing back to Alaska .
He takes down a curtain rod for a mast and climbs on the pool table , pretending it is a ship ; Jenny and Billy play along .
In virtually the same speech he used to attack Higgins , Moses excoriates him for not paying his bills , for seducing Jenny ( who presents herself as a plaintiff ) to commit a " carnal act " with him for money , and for inciting the crowd with " an illegal joyous song " on the night of the typhoon .
Moses does not reply .
they ask .
Jim , chastened , asks only for a glass of water , but is refused even this as Moses gives the signal for the trap to be sprung .
Begbick , Fatty and Moses appear with placards of their own , joining the entire company in its march and declaring " Nothing will help him or us or you now , " as the opera ends in chaos .
However , God does not spare him even then , and Jimmy is executed off-stage .
The orchestration , also includes such non-classical instruments as a saxophone , a decidedly jazz instrument .
Brecht and Weill wished to replace the old dramatic theater and its emphasis on emotions with epic theatre and its emphasis on reason .
The intention is that the audience realizes that all this is very wrong ; Jacob claims to be having a great time , but the music suggests all may not be well , thus the audience needs to pay attention and think about what is really going on .
This time , instead of the music sounding deeply disturbing compared to the stage action , it is the reverse .
The music refuses to set and keep the audience in a particular mood , and the conflict between the lighthearted " Alabama Song " and the imagery of the funeral procession is confusing .
Dramatist His many plays included Nobody 's Widow ( 1910 ) , starring Blanche Bates ; Fair and Warmer ( 1915 ) , starring Madge Kennedy ( filmed in 1919 ) ; The Gold Diggers ( 1919 ) , starring Ina Claire ( filmed in 1923 as The Gold Diggers , in 1928 as Gold Diggers of Broadway and also as Gold Diggers of 1933 ) ; Ladies ' Night , 1920 , starring Charlie Ruggles ( filmed in 1928 ) ; the famous mystery play The Bat ( with Mary Roberts Rinehart ) , 1920 ( filmed in 1926 , 1930 and 1959 ) ; Getting Gertie 's Garter ( with Wilson Collison ) , 1921 , starring Hazel Dawn ( filmed in 1927 and 1945 ) ; The Demi-Virgin , 1921 , also starring Hazel Dawn ; The Alarm Clock , 1923 ; The Best People ( with David Gray ) , 1924 ( filmed in 1925 and as Fast and Loose in 1930 ) , the song-farce Naughty Cinderella , 1925 , starring Irene Bordoni and The Garden of Eden in 1927 ( filmed in as 1928 ) .
Death Sadly , personal troubles related to his homosexuality and his inability to break from the formula writing that made him a success led to his early death at age 46 .

This Felix was later confused with a Roman martyr named Felix , with the result that he was included in lists of the Popes as Felix II and that the succeeding Popes of the same name ( Pope Felix III and Pope Felix IV ) were given wrong numerals , as was Antipope Felix V .
The Catholic Encyclopedia remarked that " the real story of the antipope was lost and he obtained in local Roman history the status of a saint and a confessor .
Alkaloids are produced by a large variety of organisms , including bacteria , fungi , plant s , and animal s , and are part of the group of natural product s ( also called secondary metabolite s ) .
If several alkaloids are extracted from one plant then their names often contain suffixes " idine " , " anine " , " aline " , " inine " , etc. .
There are also at least 86 alkaloids containing the root " vin " ( extracted from the Vinca plant ) .
First classification methods have historically combined alkaloids by the common natural source , e.g. , a certain type of plants .
After decades of research , in the 1980s , the compound responsible for these deformities was identified as the alkaloid 11-deoxyjervine , later renamed to cyclopamine .
Most plants contain several alkaloids .
There are alkaloids that do not have strong psychoactive effect themselves , but are precursor s for semi-synthetic psychoactive drugs .
A small minority held that something concrete had indeed happened on October 22 , but this event had been misinterpreted .
However , the delegates disagreed on several theological points .
It merged with the Adventist Christian Church in 1964 .
The Seventh-day Adventist Church officially formed in 1863 .
They were originally known as the Shepherd 's Rod and are still sometimes referred to as such .
He is the 105th in a line which goes back more than 1400 years to Augustine of Canterbury , the " Apostle to the English " , in the year 597 .
On 9 November 2012 it was officially announced that Welby , then the Bishop of Durham , had been appointed to succeed Rowan Williams as the 105th Archbishop of Canterbury .
In the Middle Ages there was considerable variation in the methods of nomination of the Archbishop of Canterbury and other bishop s. At various times the choice was made by the canons of Canterbury Cathedral , the Pope , or the King of England .
Today the choice is made in the name of the monarch by the prime minister , from a shortlist of two selected by an ad-hoc committee called the Crown Nominations Commission .
In the event , Canterbury was chosen instead of London , owing to political circumstances .
Since then the Archbishops of Canterbury have been referred to as occupying the Chair of St. Augustine .
The Right Honourable " is not used in either instance .
Residences The Archbishop of Canterbury 's official residence in London is Lambeth Palace .
Albion is a sister city with Noisy-le-Roi , France .
Albion incorporated as a village in 1855 and as a city in 1885 .
In 1973 Albion was named an All-America City by the National Civic League .
Other names are also used , such as ἅγιον ἔλαιον ( holy oil ) , ἡγιασμένον ἔλαιον ( consecrated oil ) , and χρῖσις or χρῖσμα ( anointing ) .
The term " last rites " refers to administration to a dying person not only of this sacrament but also of Penance and Holy Communion , the last of which , when administered in such circumstances , is known as " Viaticum " , a word whose original meaning in Latin was " provision for the journey " .
Let him call for the elders of the church , and let them pray over him , anointing him with oil in the name of the Lord ; and the prayer of faith will save the sick man , and the Lord will raise him up ; and if he has committed sins , he will be forgiven . "
Roman Catholic Church An extensive account of the teaching of the Catholic Church on Anointing of the Sick is given in Catechism of the Catholic Church , 1499 – 1532 .
Anointing of the Sick is one of the seven Sacraments recognized by the Catholic Church , and is associated with not only bodily healing but also forgiveness of sins .
Only ordained priests can administer it , and " any priest may carry the holy oil with him , so that in a case of necessity he can administer the sacrament of anointing of the sick . "
Sacramental gracesThe Catholic Church sees the effects of the sacrament as follows .
Canon law permits its administration to any Catholic who has reached the use of reason and is beginning to be put in danger by illness or old age , unless the person in question obstinately persists in a manifestly grave sin . "
It is permitted , in accordance with local culture and traditions and the condition of the sick person , to anoint other parts of the body in addition , such as the area of pain or injury , but without repeating the sacramental form .
It should be celebrated in the church when possible , but if this is impossible , it may be served in the home or hospital room of the afflicted .
Protestant communities generally vary widely on the sacramental character of anointing .
Most Mainline Protestants recognize only two sacraments , the Eucharist and baptism ( though some Lutherans add confession ) , deeming Anointing only a humanly-instituted rite .
Some Pentecostals believe that physical healing is within the anointing and so there is often great expectation or at least great hope that a miraculous cure or improvement will occur when someone is being prayed over for healing .
Several Evangelical groups reject the practice so as not to be identified with charismatic and Pentecostal groups , which practice it widely .
This information hiding strategy allows the implementation of the module to be changed without disturbing the client programs .
The term abstract data type can also be regarded as a generalised approach of a number of algebraic structures , such as lattices , groups , and rings .
A broad division may be drawn between " imperative " and " functional " definition styles .
Preconditions , postconditions , and invariantsIn imperative-style definitions , the axioms are often expressed by preconditions , that specify when an operation may be executed ; postconditions , that relate the states of the ADT before and after the execution of each operation ; and invariants , that specify properties of the ADT that are not changed by the operations .
From this condition and from the properties of abstract variables , it follows , for example , that the sequence where x , y , and z are any values , and U , V , W are pairwise distinct variables , is equivalent to Here it is implicitly assumed that operations on a stack instance do not modify the state of any other ADT instance , including other stacks ; that is , A stack ADT definition usually includes also a Boolean - valued function empty ( S ) and a create ( ) operation that returns a stack instance , with axioms equivalent to Single-instance styleSometimes an ADT is defined as if only one instance of it existed during the execution of the algorithm , and all operations were applied to that instance , which is not explicitly notated .
Indeed , there is no notion of " stack instance " .
This view actually mirrors the behavior of some concrete implementations , such as linked list s with hash cons .
In the stack ADT example above , this rule means that every stack is a finite sequence of values , that becomes the empty stack ( Λ ) after a finite number of pops .
Since any changes to the implementation must still comply with the interface , and since code using an ADT may only refer to properties and abilities specified in the interface , changes may be made to the implementation without requiring any changes in code where the ADT is used .
Different implementations of an ADT , having all the same properties and abilities , are equivalent and may be used somewhat interchangeably in code that uses the ADT .
This gives a great deal of flexibility when using ADT objects in different situations .
The implementation of the module — namely , the bodies of the procedures and the concrete data structure used — can then be hidden from most clients of the module .
This makes it possible to change the implementation without affecting the clients .
* / int stack_empty ( stack_T ts ) ; / * Check whether stack is empty .
* / if ( stack_empty ( t ) ) / * Do something if stack is empty .
* / … This interface can be implemented in many ways .
* / stack_T stack_push ( stack_T s , stack_Item x ) ; / * Adds x at the top of s , returns the resulting state .
* / The main problem is that C lacks garbage collection , and this makes this style of programming impractical ; moreover , memory allocation routines in C are slower than allocation in a typical garbage collector , thus the performance impact of so many allocations is even greater .
The American Football League ( AFL ) was a major American Professional Football league that operated from 1960 until 1969 , when it merged with the National Football League ( NFL ) .
The league first gained attention by signing 75 % of the NFL 's first-round draft choices in 1960 , including Houston 's successful signing of All-American Billy Cannon .
However , these negotiations came to nothing , since the Bidwills insisted on retaining a controlling interest in the franchise and were unwilling move their team to a city where a previous NFL franchise had failed in 1952 .
While Hunt negotiated with Bidwills , similar offers were made by Bud Adams , Bob Howsam , and Max Winter .
When Hunt , Adams , and Howsam were unable to secure a controlling interest in the Chicago Cardinals , they approached NFL commissioner Bert Bell and proposed the addition of expansion team s. Bell , wary of expanding the 12-team league and risking its newfound success , rejected the offer .
He contacted Adams , Howsam , and Winter ( as well as Winter 's business partner , Bill Boyer ) to gauge their interest in starting a new league .
On August 14 , 1959 , the first league meeting was held in Chicago , Illinois , and charter memberships were given to Dallas , New York , Houston , Denver , Los Angeles , and Minneapolis-Saint Paul .
On August 22 the league officially was named the American Football League .
Los Angeles Chargers owner Barron Hilton demanded that a replacement for Minnesota be placed in California , to reduce his team 's operating costs and to create a rivalry .
Cannon signed a $ 100,000 contract to play for the Oilers , despite having already signed a $ 50,000 contract with the NFL 's Los Angeles Rams .
On June 9 , 1960 , the league signed a five-year television contract with ABC , which brought in revenues of approximately $ 2,125,000 per year for the entire league .
Whereas the more popular NFL teams in 1960 regularly saw attendance figures in excess of 50,000 per game , AFL attendance generally hovered between 10,000-20 ,000 per game .
Eventually Wismer could no longer afford to meet his payroll , and on November 8 , 1962 the AFL took over operations of the team .
Lamar Hunt felt that despite winning the league championship in 1962 , the Texans could not succeed financially competing in the same market as the Dallas Cowboys , which entered the NFL as an expansion franchise in 1960 .
Kansas City mayor Harold Roe Bartle ( nicknamed " Chief " ) was instrumental in his city 's success in attracting the team .
Partly to honor Bartle , the franchise officially became the Kansas City Chiefs on May 26 .
Sayers eventually signed with the Bears .
No longer content with trying to outbid the NFL for college talent , the AFL under Davis started to recruit players already on NFL squads .
The AFL also agreed to pay indemnities of $ 18 million to the NFL over 20 years .
Packers head coach Vince Lombardi stated after the game , " I do not think they are as good as the top teams in the National Football League . "
The Western All-Stars , led by Chargers quarterback John Hadl , defeated the Eastern All-Stars , 26 – 3 .
All ten AFL teams made up the bulk of the new American Football Conference .
The AFL 's challenge to the NFL also laid the groundwork for the Super Bowl , which has become the standard for championship contests in the United States of America .
The return of football to Kansas City was the first time that city had seen professional football since the NFL 's Kansas City Blues/Cowboys of the 1920s ; the arrival of the Chiefs , and the contemporary arrival of the St. Louis Football Cardinals , brought professional football back to Missouri for the first time since the temporary St. Louis Gunners of 1934 .
In the case of the Dallas Cowboys , the NFL had long sought to return to the Dallas area after the Dallas Texans folded in 1952 , but was originally met with strong opposition by Washington Redskins owner George Preston Marshall , who had enjoyed a monopoly as the only NFL team to represent the American South .
Effects on players Perhaps the greatest social legacy of the AFL was the domino effect of its policy of being more liberal than the entrenched NFL in offering opportunity for black players .
Among specific teams , the 1964 Buffalo Bills stood out by holding their opponents to a pro football record 913 yards rushing on 300 attempts , while also recording fifty quarterback sacks in a 14-game schedule .
Later , when Brown was with the Broncos , Hennigan needed nine catches in one game against the Broncos to break Lionel Taylor 's Professional Football record of 100 catches in one season .
But since Walsh was an assistant to Davis , who in turn learned the trade from Gillman , Walsh 's coaching tree is thus an offshoot of Gillman 's coaching tree .
Bills ' owner Ralph C. Wilson Jr. ( a 2009 Hall of Fame inductee ) and Titans ' owner Bud Adams are the only surviving members of the Foolish Club , the eight original owners of AFL franchises .
The Hall of Fame Game was the first of several " Legacy Weekends , " during which each of the " original eight " AFL teams sported uniforms from their AFL era .
A December 5 , 2009 story by Ken Belson in the New York Times quotes league officials as stating that AFL " Legacy " gear made up twenty to thirty percent of the league 's annual $ 3 billion merchandise income .
The home teams alternated each year by division , so in 1968 the Jets hosted the Raiders , even though Oakland had a better record ( this was changed in 1969 ) .
Led by Bills players such as Cookie Gilchrist , the players successfully lobbied to have the game moved to Houston 's Jeppesen Stadium .
Under future national team manager Giuseppe Viani , promotion straight back up was achieved .
Aside from finishing runners-up to Torino in a Coppa Italia final , the rest of the decade was largely sub-par in the history of Roma ; especially in the league where the highest they could manage was fourth in 1997 – 98 .
Roma would finish runners-up to Inter yet again in both Serie A and the Coppa Italia .
This rounded out a highly successful decade in Roma 's history , following somewhat mediocre results of the 1990s .
The new ownership immediately went into effect by making significant changes in the club , hiring Walter Sabatini as director of football and former Spanish international and FC Barcelona B coach Luis Enrique as manager ; the first high-profile signings from the duo were attacking midfielder Erik Lamela from River Plate , forward Bojan Krkić from Barcelona , goalkeeper Maarten Stekelenburg from AFC Ajax and unattached defender Gabriel Heinze .
However , Roma was eliminated from 2011 – 12 UEFA Europa League play-off round .
Franco Sensi was the chairman until his death in 2008 , with his daughter Rosella Sensi in place as honorary president .
Players Current squad Retired numbers 6 – Aldair , Centre back , 1990 – 2003 Out on loan Reserves Non-playing staff Club statistics and records Francesco Totti holds Roma 's official appearance record , having made 610 ( as of May 2011 ) appearances in all competitions , over the course of 19 seasons from 1992 until the present day .
He also holds the record for Serie A appearances with 474 , as he passed Giacomo Losi on 1 March 2008 , during a home match against Parma .
Maybe because of modern sport marketing , the last few years have seen the golden trim and details substituted by light orange .
However , by the mid-1990s CUCS had been usurped by rival factions and ultimately broke up .
The fixture has seen some occasional instances of violence in the past including the death of Lazio fan , Vincenzo Paparelli in 1979 – 80 as a result of an emergency flare fired from the Curva Sud , and the abandonment of a game in march 2004 , following unfounded rumours of a fatality which led to violence outside the stadium .
There have been a number of instances of conflict in recent years between some Roma supporters and fans of English clubs , and the subsequent violence outside the stadium which saw a number of Liverpool fans stabbed .
In March 2009 , a coach carrying Arsenal supporters was attacked by a group of Roma " Ultras " just outside the Stadio Olimpico .
Co-currently with no selling profit on the player , Roma net loss was enlarged to € 30,589,137 ( € 30.778 million as a group ) and the new owner already planned a re-capitalization after the mandatory bid on the shares .
Superleague Formula A.S. Roma had a team in the Superleague Formula race car series where teams are sponsored by football clubs .

Using this binding mechanism , an antibody can tag a microbe or an infected cell for attack by other parts of the immune system , or can neutralize its target directly ( for example , by blocking a part of a microbe that is essential for its invasion and survival ) .
Five different antibody isotypes are known in mammals , which perform different roles , and help direct the appropriate immune response for each different type of foreign object they encounter .
A typical human B cell will have 50,000 to 100,000 antibodies bound to its surface .
B cells begin to express both IgM and IgD when they reach maturity — the co-expression of both these immunoglobulin isotypes renders the B cell ' mature ' and ready to respond to antigen .
The variable parts of an antibody are its V regions , and the constant part is its C region .
Each heavy chain has two regions , the constant region and the variable region .
CDRs , Fv , Fab and Fc Regions Some parts of an antibody have the same functions .
More specifically , variable loops of β-strands , three each on the light ( VL ) and heavy ( VH ) chains are responsible for binding to the antigen .
These loops are referred to as the complementarity determining region s ( CDRs ) .
In the framework of the immune network theory , CDRs are also called idiotypes .
Since antibodies exist freely in the bloodstream , they are said to be part of the humoral immune system .
Activation of complement Antibodies that bind to surface antigens on , for example , a bacterium attract the first component of the complement cascade with their Fc region and initiate activation of the " classical " complement system .
These segments are called variable ( V ) , diversity ( D ) and joining ( J ) segments .
Some point mutations will result in the production of antibodies that have a weaker interaction ( low affinity ) with their antigen than the original antibody , and some mutations will generate antibodies with a stronger interaction ( high affinity ) .
Affinity maturation occurs in mature B cells after V ( D ) J recombination , and is dependent on help from helper T cell s. Class switching Isotype or class switching is a biological process occurring after activation of the B cell , which allows the cell to produce different classes of antibody ( IgA , IgE , or IgG ) .
The DNA strand is broken by the activity of a series of enzyme s at two selected S-regions .
Practically , several immunodiagnostic methods based on detection of complex antigen-antibody are used to diagnose infectious diseases , for example ELISA , immunofluorescence , Western blot , immunodiffusion , immunoelectrophoresis , and magnetic immunoassay .
Targeted monoclonal antibody therapy is employed to treat diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis , multiple sclerosis , psoriasis , and many forms of cancer including non-Hodgkin 's lymphoma , colorectal cancer , head and neck cancer and breast cancer .
Some immune deficiencies , such as X-linked agammaglobulinemia and hypogammaglobulinemia , result in partial or complete lack of antibodies .
During normal childbirth , delivery trauma or complications during pregnancy , blood from a fetus can enter the mother 's system .
While most of these early studies focused on IgM and IgG , other immunoglobulin isotypes were identified in the 1960s : Thomas Tomasi discovered secretory antibody ( IgA ) and David S. Rowe and John L. Fahey identified IgD , and IgE was identified by Kimishige Ishizaka and Teruko Ishizaka as a class of antibodies involved in allergic reactions .
Alessandro Scarlatti ( 2 May 1660 – 24 October 1725 ) was an Italian Baroque composer especially famous for his opera s and chamber cantata s. He is considered the founder of the Neapolitan school of opera .
In his opera Teodora ( 1697 ) he originated the use of the orchestral ritornello .
His last group of operas , composed for Rome , exhibit a deeper poetic feeling , a broad and dignified style of melody , a strong dramatic sense , especially in accompanied recitatives , a device which he himself had been the first to use as early as 1686 ( Olimpia vendicata ) and a much more modern style of orchestration , the horns appearing for the first time , and being treated with striking effect .
In March 2007 , a consortium of investors led by Prodrive boss David Richards purchased 90 % of Aston Martin for £ 479 million , with Ford retaining a £ 40 million stake .
History Founding Aston Martin was founded in 1913 by Lionel Martin and Robert Bamford .
The two had joined forces as Bamford & Martin the previous year to sell cars made by Singer from premises in Callow Street , London where they also serviced GWK and Calthorpe vehicles .
The only " Renwick and Bertelli " motor car made , it was known as " Buzzbox " and still survives .
In 1936 , Astin Martin decided to concentrate on road cars , producing just 700 until World War II halted work .
Towns also styled the futuristic new Lagonda saloon , based on the V8 model .
In 1980 Aston-Martin sought to buy MG , planning to design a new model and offering their take on an updated 1981 model MGB .
Pace and CHI took over as joint 50/50 owners at the beginning of 1981 , with Gauntlett as executive chairman .
As trading became tighter in the petroleum market , and Aston Martin was requiring more time and money , Gauntlett agreed to sell Hays/Pace to the Kuwait Investment Office in September 1983 .
In 1986 , Gauntlett negotiated the return of fictional British secret agent James Bond to Aston Martin .
In May 1987 , Gauntlett and Prince Michael of Kent were staying at the home of Contessa Maggi , the wife of the founder of the original Mille Miglia , while watching the revival event .
A new division was created , called Aston Martin Racing , which became responsible , together with Prodrive , for the design , development , and management of the DBR9 program .
Ford kept a stake in the company valued at £ 40m ( US$ 70m ) .
The contract manufacturer provides dedicated facilities to ensure compliance with the exacting standards of Aston Martin and other marques , including Mercedes-Benz .
jpg | 2009 – 2012 Aston Martin One-77 File : Aston Martin Rapide NYIAS .

[[2371]]
He was the first reporter for the Arkansas supreme court and also wrote a book ( published anonymously ) , titled The Arkansas Form Book , which was a guidebook for lawyers .
Although unpublished , this book increased his reputation among his associates in law .
Before the Civil War he was firmly against secession , but when the war started he nevertheless took the side of the Confederacy .
At the Southern Commercial Convention of 1854 , Pike said the South should remain in the Union and seek equality with the North , but if the South " were forced into an inferior status , she would be better out of the Union than in it . "
After his death these appeared again in Gen. Albert Pike ’s Poems ( 1900 ) and Lyrics and Love Songs ( 1916 ) .
The show had characters from that series play various characters from fairy tale s. The fairy tale was usually altered for comedic effect in a manner relational to Fractured Fairy Tales .
For instance Cowan once told ALF who was readying for a medieval themed episode that " less than 2 % of our audience lives in the Dark Ages " .
He participated in battles against the Jihadi fighters in the 1980s as well as against the Taliban in the 1990s .
Some human rights groups have accused his troops of human rights violations of the Taliban prisoners , charges which he denies .
Dostum received his basic military training in Jalalabad .
These represented the core of the unit both at that juncture and again when it was reconstituted after the American Invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 .
So they stopped sending supplies to the country , which triggered an economic crisis in the country .
Post communist era Dostum 's men would become an important force in the fall of Kabul in 1992 .
Dostum had allied himself with the opposition commanders Ahmad Shah Massoud , Sayed Jafar Naderi , the head of the Isma'ili community and together they captured the capital city .
Accordingly , on 25 May 1997 Malik arrested Khan and handed him over and let the Taliban enter Mazari Sharif , giving them control over most of Northern Afghanistan .
The Taliban laid down their weapons a few miles from the city of Mazar-i-Sharif .
In March 2003 , He established a North Zone of Afghanistan , against the wishes of interim president Hamid Karzai .
[[2377]]
Andhra Pradesh ( ) abbreviation A.P. is one of the 28 states of India , situated on the country 's southeastern coast .
Its capital and largest city , Hyderabad , is the fourth most populous city in the country .
The small enclave ( ) of Yanam , a district of Puducherry , lies in the Godavari delta in the northeast of the state .
The Dzogchen , Mahamudra and Lamdré masters Sri Singha , Savari , Maitripa and Virupa lived and taught in the Andhra region for some portion of their lives or were in some cases permanent residents .
Modern history Inspired by their success , the Vijayanagara Empire , one of the greatest empires in the history of Andhra Pradesh and India , was founded by Harihara and Bukka , who served as treasury officers of the Kakatiyas of Warangal .
Although Hyderabad was founded less than 500 years ago , archaeologists have unearthed Iron Age sites near the city that could date back to 500 BC .
Later the Nizam rulers of Hyderabad ceded five territories to the British which eventually emerged as Rayalaseema region .
This move was opposed by protesters from Kosta and Rayalaseema regions , however the protests in the state capital Hyderabad was rocked only by pro-bifurcation protests .
A sri krishna commits given three type model to divide state .
Andhra Pradesh is divided into three regions .
The third region is Coastal Andhra .
Most of the coastal plains are put to intense agricultural use .
It is the Buckingham Canal which connects Andhra Pradesh with Tamil Nadu .
October and November see low-pressure systems and tropical cyclones form in the Bay of Bengal which , along with the Northeast Monsoon , bring rains to the southern and coastal regions of the state .
Visakhapatnam , Andhra Pradesh 's main seaport , is the second largest city and is home to the Indian Navy 's Eastern Naval Command .
The data show that the poor make up 16.3 % of the total population in rural AP , and expenditure on consumption is around 13.5 % of the total consumption expenditure .
The gender gap in illiteracy is one of the issues being addressed by the Asmita Resource Centre for Women , an Indian NGO based in Andhra Pradesh that works to better the socio-economic status of women and communities in India .
The state is home to Hindu saints of all castes .
N. Chandrababu Naidu held the record for the longest serving chief minister ( 1995 to 2004 ) .
The 1989 elections ended the rule of NTR , with the INC party returning to power with Marri Chenna Reddy at the helm .
He was replaced by Janardhan Reddy in 1990 , who was replaced by Kotla Vijaya Bhaskara Reddy in 1992 .
The Vijayanagara Empire built number of monuments , including the Srisailam temple and Lepakshi temples .
The caves ' deepest point is from the entrance and is known asPatalganaga .
The town of Madanapalle lies nearby .
Horsely Hills is the departure point for the Koundinya Wildlife Sanctuary at a distance of .
The Skanda Purana , an ancient religious text , has a chapter called " Srisaila Kandam " dedicated to this temple , which points to its ancient origin .
The festival of Dasara for the Goddess Durga is celebrated there every year .
It is believed that Guru Raghavendra Swami is in the Vrindavana from the past 339 years and is believed to be in the Vrindavana for another 361 years .
The village of Etikoppaka , located in Visakhapatnam district , produces lacquered toys .
Avaakaya ( mango pickle ) is probably the best-known of the Andhra Pradesh pickles . "
He produced films and built three cinema halls in Rajahmundry .
In the early 1980s , the Telugu film industry had largely shifted its base to Hyderabad from Madras .
Famous heroes of Tollywood are NTR , ANR , Krishna , Shobanbabu , Krishanm Raju , Chiranjeevi , Balakrishna , Nagarjuna , Venkatesh , Rajendra Prasad , Rajasekhar , Pawan Kalyan , Maheshbabu , NTR Jr , Allu Arjun , Prabhas , Ravi Teja , Ram Charan , Naga Chaithanya , Ram , Siddharth , Manoj Manchu , Nani , Allari Naresh , KalyanRam , etc. .
Sports The Sports Authority of Andhra Pradesh , is the governing body which looks after the infrastructure development in Cricket , Field hockey , Association Football , Olympic weightlifting , Chess , Water Sports , Tennis , Badminton , Table Tennis , Cycling etc. .
Minimum 83.3 % reservations are applicable to various castes and women in Education and Government jobs .
It was at Andhra Pradesh where the first Open University of India has been started .
Georgia Institute of Technology , is in the process of setting up a campus in Hyderabad .
Privitization of Professional Colleges like Engineering and equavalent , took the name of Technology and thrived from 1982 onwards .
After the death of its founder Sri N.T. Rama Rao the University was named after him as NTR University of Health Sciences , Andhra Pradesh .
APSRTC is in the Guinness Book of World Records for having the largest fleet of vehicles ( approximately 21,000 ) , and the longest distance covered daily .
Thousands of private operators also run buses connecting major cities and towns .
Private vehicles like cars , motorised scooters , and bicycles occupy a major share of the local transport in the cities and adjoining villages .

Early video chipsets featuring AGP support included the Rendition Vérité V2200 , 3dfx Voodoo Banshee , Nvidia RIVA 128 , 3Dlabs PERMEDIA 2 , Intel i740 , ATI Rage series , Matrox Millennium II , and S3 ViRGE GX/2 .
Unofficial variations A number of non-standard variations of the AGP interface have been produced by manufacturers .
It makes sense , if you think about it , because if anyone actually shipped a consumer-oriented product which supported only 0.8 volts , they would end up with lots of confused customers and a support nightmare .
Legacy use By 2010 few new motherboards had AGP slots .
In 2011 DirectX 10-capable AGP cards from AMD vendors ( Club 3D , HIS , Sapphire , Jaton , Visiontek , Diamond , etc. ) included the Radeon HD 2400 , 3450 , 3650 , 4350 , 4650 , and 4670 .
The town centre itself and the merged former municipalities consist of numerous villages ( Teilorte ) , mostly separated by open ground from each other and having their own independent and long-standing history .
Climate As Aalen ’s territory sprawls on escarpments of the Swabian Jura , on the Albuch and the Härtsfeld landscapes , and its elevation has a range of , the climate varies from district to district .
The annual mean temperature is .
The Celts were responsible for the fortifications in the Schloßbaufeld settlement consisting of sectional embankments and a stone wall .
In 1398 , Aalen was granted the right to hold markets , and in 1401 Aalen obtained proper jurisdiction .
Andreae stayed in Aalen for four weeks to help with the change .
However , after victories of the imperial armies at the beginning of the Thirty Year 's War , the Prince-Provost ry of Ellwangen , which still held the right of patronage in Aalen , were able to temporarily bring Catholicism back to Aalen ; however after the military successes of the Protestant Union , protestant church practices were instituted again .
The result was a conflagration , that some say destroyed portions of the town .
After the fire , soldiers of both armies went through the town looting .
The collapsing tower struck two children of the tower watchman who died of their injuries , and destroyed the nave , leaving only the altar cross intact .
It was designated for between 200 and 300 prisoners who were utilized for forced labor in industrial businesses nearby .
Religions On 31 December 2008 , 51.1 percent of Aalen were members of the Catholic Church , 23.9 percent were members of the Evangelical-Lutheran Church .
ProtestantismAalen ’s population originally was subject to the jus patronatus of Ellwangen Abbey , and thus subject to the Roman Catholic Diocese of Augsburg .
The other districts of present-day Aalen remained mostly catholic after the reformation , however Wasseralfingen established a Lutheran parish in 1891 and a church , St. Magdalene ’s Church , in 1893 .
Another church of the second parish was St. Augustine ’s Church , which was completed in 1970 .
The villages of Dewangen , Ebnat , Hofen , Waldhausen and Wasseralfingen had remained Catholic after reformation , so old parishes and churches persist there .
Mary ’s Immaculate Conception Church in Ebnat was constructed in 1723 ; however the church was first mentioned in 1298 .
Alongside the church , the Late Gothic St. Odile ’s Chapel is standing , whose entrance has the year 1462 engraved upon it .
This new building utilized the Romanesque Revival architecture style and was built between 1881 and 1883 , and has since remained the parish ’s landmark .
MergingsThe present-day make up of Aalen was created on 21 June 1975 by the unification of the cities of Aalen and Wasseralfingen , with the initial name of Aalen-Wasseralfingen .
It was the beginning of the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century where Aalen 's growth accelerated .
Whereas in 1803 , only 1,932 people inhabited the town , in 1905 it had already increased to 10,442 .
Council Since the local election of 7 June 2009 , the town council consists of 54 representatives having a term of five years .
In the Württemberg era , the mayor ’s title was initially called Bürgermeister , then from 1819 it was Schultheiß , and since 1947 it is Oberbürgermeister .
Matthäus Merian ( 1593 – 1650 ) presumed the name to originate from its location at the Kocher river , where ” frequently eels are caught ” , while Aal is German for “ eel ” .
972 of them settled in Aalen in 1946 .
In addition to regular plays , it also offers four theatre clubs for all age levels .
In 1977 , a symphony orchestra was founded in Aalen , which today is called Aalener Sinfonieorchester , and consists mostly of instructors and students of the music school .
The Aalen volunteer fire department has had a marching band since 1952 , whose roots date back to 1883 .
It opened in 1964 .
Every evening at 18:45 ( before 2003 : at 19:45 ) , the memorial ’s bell rings .
The church , in its present shape being built between 1765 and 1767 , is the only major Late Baroque building in Aalen and is the main church of the Evangelical-Lutheran parish of Aalen .
It features a figurine of the “ Spy of Aalen ” and historically displayed other figurines , however the latter ones were lost by a fire in 1884 .
According to legend , the citizens of Aalen owe the “ Spy of Aalen ” ( Spion von Aalen ) their town having been spared from destruction by the emperor ’s army : The Imperial City of Aalen once was were in quarrel with the emperor , and his army was shortly before the gates to take the town .
It was a present of duke Eberhard Louis .
The buildings were erected between 1659 and 1662 for peasants with citizenry privileges and renovated in the mid-1980s .
ObservatoryThe Aalen Observatory was built in 1969 as school observatory for the Schubart Gymnasium .
The sands on the hill originated from the Early Pleistocene are of geological importance , and the various grove structures offer habitat to severely endangered bird species .
The festival is complemented by individual concerts in spring and summer , and , including the individual concerts , comprises around 25 concerts with a total of about 13,000 visitors .
Currently , local newspapers published in Aalen are the Schwäbische Post , which obtain their supra-regional pages from the Ulm Südwestpresse , and the Aalener Nachrichten ( erstwhile Aalener Volkszeitung ) , a local edition of Schwäbische Zeitung in Leutkirch im Allgäu .
His father served in the office of notary public in the family 's hometown .
JPG File : Alzheimer-tablica-detail .
Other festivals were supervised exclusively by the Curule Aediles , and it was often with these festivals that the Aediles would spend lavishly .
Because Aediles were not reimbursed for any of their public expenditures , most individuals who sought the office were independently wealthy .
Augustus took for himself its powers over various religious duties .
In the 3rd century , it disappeared altogether .
In February 2013 , American Airlines and US Airways announced plans to merge , creating the largest airline in the world .
These included Southern Air Transport in Texas , Southern Air Fast Express ( SAFE ) in the western US , Universal Aviation in the Midwest ( which operated a transcontinental air/rail route in 1929 ) , Thompson Aeronautical Services ( which operated a Detroit-Cleveland route beginning in 1929 ) and Colonial Air Transport in the Northeast .
Cord hired Texas businessman C.R. ( Cyrus Rowlett ) Smith to run the company .
With the DC-3 , American began calling its aircraft " Flagships " and establishing the Admirals Club for valued passengers .
After World War II , American acquired American Export Airlines , renaming it as American Overseas Airways , to serve Europe .
Vignelli attributes the introduction of his firm to American Airlines to Henry Dreyfuss , the legendary AA design consultant .
Crandall noted that since airline deregulation of the 1970s , 150 airlines had gone out of business . "
However , the airline also expanded into new markets , including Ireland , India and mainland China .
On July 20 , 2005 , American announced a quarterly profit for the first time in 17 quarters ; the airline earned $ 58 million in the second quarter of 2005 .
All Airbus A300 jets were retired by the end of August and are currently stored in Roswell , New Mexico .
Repair issues included such items as faulty emergency slides , improper engine coatings , incorrectly drilled holes and other examples of shoddy workmanship .
On October 21 , 2009 , Gerard Arpey , the CEO of American Airlines , said the airline and its Oneworld alliance of global airlines remains committed to a partnership with Japan Airlines , as long as the carrier remains a major international carrier .
On May 7 , 2010 , the US Department of Transportation tentatively awarded American Airlines the right to begin nonstop service from JFK Airport to Tokyo-Haneda , but denied American 's bid to serve Haneda from LAX .
The idea of modernizing American 's brand image and logo came to fruition soon after the airline placed the largest aircraft order in aviation history .
Thirty years later , in 1997 , American Airlines was able to make its logo Internet-compatible by buying the domain AA.com .
This was because C. R. Smith hated painted aircraft , and refused to use any liveries that involved painting the entire plane .
The airline calls the new livery and branding " a clean and modern update " and a testament to American 's willingness to become a more modern , vibrant , and sophisticated airline .
That alone has saved almost $ 1 million since 2002 .
In addition to that , American Airlines has also won the award for the reduction of hazardous waste that saved them $ 229,000 after a $ 2,000 investment .
New York Kennedy ( JFK ) is a primary gateway for both the Americas and Europe , while the Los Angeles hub ( LAX ) is the primary gateway to Asia .
On-board service and cabin On domestic flights and flights to Canada , Central America , and areas in the Caribbean ( including the Dominican Republic ) , American Airlines offers a buy on board program offering sandwiches and snacks for purchase .
Beer and wine are now free on long haul international flights to Europe and Asia and certain flights to South America .
Premium Cabin Duvet , powerports and Bose headsets provided on widebody aircraft .
These seats offer 50 inch seat pitch , 50 degree recline , leg rests , footrests and personal power ports .
Business class passengers receive access to the walk-up bar and better cabin presentation makes this a product to be embraced and understood as a true business class product .
AAdvantage AAdvantage is the frequent flyer program of American Airlines .
Most antidepressants have a delayed onset of action ( 2 – 6 weeks ) but for those who respond well to a given drug , some degree of efficacy is often seen after one week .
History Before the 1950s , opioids and amphetamine s were commonly used as antidepressants .
In the following year , he and Harry Salzer reported that isoniazid improved depression in two thirds of their patients and coined the term antidepressant to describe its action .
Although in 1955 reserpine was shown to be more effective than placebo in alleviating anxious depression , neuroleptics were being developed as sedatives and antipsychotics .
It was estimated that no more than 50 to 100 individuals per million suffered from the kind of depression that these new drugs would treat , and pharmaceutical companies were not enthusiastic in marketing for this small market .
The use of monoamine oxidase inhibitors ( MAOI ) increased after the development and introduction of " reversible " forms affecting only the MAO-A subtype of inhibitors , making this drug safer to use .
The first such compound to be patented was zimelidine in 1971 , while the first released clinically was indalpine .
SSRIs became known as " novel antidepressants " along with other newer drugs such as SNRIs and NRIs with various selective effects .
Classes of antidepressants For a more complete list of antidepressants , see Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors , SSRI s are thought to prevent the reuptake of serotonin ( also known as 5-hydroxytryptamine , or 5-HT ) by the presynaptic neuron , thus initially maintaining higher levels of 5-HT in the synapse .
These include : Selective serotonin reuptake enhancers Norepinephrine-dopamine disinhibitors Norepinephrine-dopamine disinhibitor s ( NDDIs ) act by antagonizing the serotonin 5-HT2C receptor , which normally acts to inhibit norepinephrine and dopamine release , thereby promoting outflow of these neurotransmitters .
Long term use is associated with kidney failure .
In a study of older adults , poor nutrition was a strong predictor of depressive symptoms .
By 1985 , the monoamine hypothesis was mostly dismissed until it was revived with the introduction of SSRIs through the successful direct-to-consumer advertising , often revolving around the claim that SSRIs correct a chemical imbalance caused by a lack of serotonin within the brain .
In a threatening situation it is beneficial for the animal not to feel hungry even if it needs to eat .
For depression , the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale ( HAM-D ) is often used to measure the severity of depression .
The study was dubbed " The Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression ( STAR * D ) Study .
It states that efficacy is generally comparable between classes and within classes and that the initial selection will largely be based on the anticipated side-effects for an individual patient , patient preference , quantity and quality of clinical trial data regarding the medication , and its cost .
Even where there has been a robust response , significant continuing depression and dysfunction is common , with relapse rates 3 to 6 times higher in such cases .
A combination strategy involves adding an additional antidepressant , usually from different class so as to have effect other mechanisms .
The treatment guidelines developed in conjunction with this review suggest that antidepressants should be considered in patients with moderate to severe depression and those with mild depression that is persistent or resistant to other treatment modalities .
Some doctors believe this is a positive sign that people are finally seeking help for their issues .
Moclobemide may be preferred in the elderly as its pharmacokinetics are not affected by age , is well tolerated by the elderly as well as younger adults , has few serious adverse events , and , in addition , it is as effective as other antidepressants that have more side-effects ; moclobemide also has beneficial effects on cognition .
The risk of medication discontinuation and relapse have to be weighed against the risk to the developing fetus and baby .
Some antidepressants have lower risk for the baby during pregnancy , but the FDA advises for the risk of birth defects with the use of Paxil and the MAOI should be avoided .
Moreover , SSRIs inhibit nitric oxide synthesis , which leads to vasoconstriction .
A study of 159,810 users of either amytriptyline , fluoxetine , paroxetine or dothiepin found that the risk of suicidal behavior is increased in the first month after starting antidepressants , especially during the first 1 to 9 days .
The Food and Drug Administration requires Black Box warnings on all SSRIs , which state that they double suicidal rates ( from 2 in 1,000 to 4 in 1,000 ) in children and adolescents .
On September 6 , 2007 , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reported that the suicide rate in American adolescents , ( especially girls , 10 to 24 years old ) , increased 8 % ( 2003 to 2004 ) , the largest jump in 15 years , to 4,599 suicides in Americans ages 10 to 24 in 2004 , from 4,232 in 2003 , giving a suicide rate of 7.32 per 100,000 people that age .
Sexual Sexual side-effects are also common with SSRIs , such as loss of sexual drive , failure to reach orgasm , and erectile dysfunction .
Moclobemide , a selective reversible MAO-A inhibitor does not cause sexual dysfunction , and can actually lead to an improvement in all aspects of sexual function .
All SSRIs , SNRIs , and serotonergic TCAs can cause this to varying degrees , especially at high doses .
REM Sleep All major antidepressant drugs , except trimipramine , mirtazapine and nefazodone suppress REM sleep , and it has been proposed that the clinical efficacy of these drugs largely derives from their suppressant effects on REM sleep .
Carbohydrates thus eaten , as part of a balanced diet , by virtue of their effect on brain serotonin levels , can support weight loss in the setting of antidepressant weight gain .
However , other reasons include a diagnosis improvement , a reduction of the stigma on mental ill-health , and more distress caused by the economic crisis .
Antidepressant drugs were prescribed to 13 million in 1996 and to 27 million people by 2005 .

The Auger effect ( ) is a physical phenomenon in which the filling of an inner-shell vacancy of an atom is accompanied by the emission of an electron from the same atom .
Auger electron spectroscopy involves the emission of Auger electrons by bombarding a sample with either X-ray s or energetic electrons and measures the intensity of Auger electrons as a function of the Auger electron energy .
Early life Akio Morita was born in the village of Kosugaya , Japan .
In 1961 , Sony Corporation was the first Japanese company to be listed on the New York Stock Exchange , in the form of American depositary receipt s ( ADRs ) , which are traded over-the-counter .
The book was translated into English and caused controversy in the United States , and Morita later had his chapters removed from the English version and distanced himself from the book .
[[2392]]
For example , in copper refining , copper anodes , an intermediate product from the furnaces , are electrolysed in an appropriate solution ( such as sulfuric acid ) to yield high purity ( 99.99 % ) cathodes .
Davy installed sacrificial anodes made from a more electrically reactive ( less noble ) metal attached to the vessel hull and electrically connected to form a cathodic protection circuit .
This process coats iron structures ( such as fencing ) with a coating of zinc metal .
Related antonym The opposite of an anode is a cathode .
All broadcast television system s preceding digital transmission of digital television ( DTV ) were systems utilizing analog signal s. Analog television may be wireless or can require copper wire used by cable converter s. Development The earliest mechanical television systems used spinning disks with patterns of holes punched into the disc to " scan " an image .
The first was the American NTSC ( National Television Systems Committee ) color television system .
This process doubles the apparent number of video fields per second and further reduces flicker and other defects in transmission .
A demodulator recovers the video signal and sound as an FM signal at the offset frequency ( this is known as intercarrier sound ) .
In signal processing terms , it compensates for the fall time and settling time following the sync pulse .
This changes the intensity of the electron beam and therefore the brightness of the spot being scanned .
These frequencies are within the luminance signal band , but their exact frequencies were chosen such that they are midway between two harmonics of the horizontal line repetition rate , thus ensuring that the majority of the power of the luminance signal does not overlap with the power of the chrominance signal .
( A typical circuit used with this device converts the low frequency color signal to ultrasound and back again ) .
A sync separator circuit detects the sync voltage levels and sorts the pulses into horizontal and vertical sync .
The vertical sync pulses are made by prolonging the length of HSYNC pulses through almost the entire length of the scan line .
The sync pulses occupy the whole of line interval of a number of lines at the beginning and end of a scan ; no picture information is transmitted during vertical retrace .
Triple buffering reduces this latency significantly .
Transition to digital broadcasts , ten countries had completed the process of turning off analog terrestrial broadcasting .
In Japan , the switch to digital occurred on the 24th of July , 2011 ( with the exception of Fukushima , Iwate , and Miyagi prefectures , where conversion was delayed one year due to complications from the 2011 Tōhoku earthquake and tsunami ) .
The winner will be announced at the end of 2012 or early 2013 .
These generate modified sawtooth and parabola current waveforms to scan the electron beam in a linear way .
These waveforms are fed to the horizontal and vertical scan coils wrapped around the CRT tube .
It was inefficient and produced a lot of heat which led to premature failures in the circuitry .
CRT flyback power supply design and operation principles Most of the receiver 's circuitry ( at least in transistor - or IC - based designs ) operates from a comparatively low-voltage DC power supply .
At the end of each horizontal scan line the magnetic field , which has built up in both transformer and scan coils by the current , is a source of latent electromagnetic energy .
The reverse flow , short duration , ( about 10 % of the line scan time ) current from both the line output transformer and the horizontal scan coil is discharged again into the primary winding of the flyback transformer by the use of a rectifier which blocks this negative reverse emf .
This slows down ( lengthens ) the flyback time from the extremely rapid decay rate that would result if they were electrically isolated during this short period .
One of the secondary windings on the flyback transformer then feeds this brief high voltage pulse to a Cockcroft – Walton generator design voltage multiplier .
The high frequency ( 15 kHz or so ) of the horizontal scanning allows reasonably small components to be used .
[[2395]]

From then until the 1900 's , increases in adhesive use and discovery were relatively gradual .
The ancient Egyptians also developed starch based pastes for the bonding of papyrus to clothing and a plaster of Paris like material made of calcined gypsum .
The Greeks began the use of slaked lime as mortar and the Romans furthered mortar development by mixing lime with volcanic ash and sand .
In 1750 , the first British glue patent was issued for fish glue .
The following decades of the next century witnessed the manufacture of casein glues in German and Swiss factories .
The first US stamps used starch based adhesives when they were issued in 1840 .
The development of the automobile and the need for rubber shock mounts required stronger and more durable bonds of rubber and metal .
Natural rubber based sticky adhesives were first used on a backing by Henry Day ( US Patent 3,965 ) in 1845 .
In the early 1930 's , phenolics gained importance as adhesive resins .
Contact adhesivesContact adhesives are used in strong bonds with high shear-resistance like laminate s , such as bonding Formica to a wooden counter , and in footwear , as in attaching outsoles to uppers .
A glue gun ( shown at right ) is one method of applying hot adhesives .
Reactive adhesives Multi-part adhesivesMulti-component adhesives harden by mixing two or more components which chemically react .
Heat curing adhesives consist of a pre-made mixture of two or more components .
This type of adhesive includes cyanoacrylates and urethanes .
The adhesive is applied to either one or both of the materials being bonded .
Common ways of applying an adhesive include brushes , rollers , using films or pellets , spray guns and applicator guns ( e.g. , caulk gun ) .
The major fracture types are the following : Cohesive fracture Cohesive fracture is obtained if a crack propagates in the bulk polymer which constitutes the adhesive .
The crack may propagate in the center of the layer or near an interface .
In such models , the behavior of the adhesive layer itself is neglected and only the adherents are considered .
[[2397]]
After two years in the British Army doing his national service , he moved to London where he trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art .
Renowned for his ability to remember lines , Hopkins keeps his memory supple by learning things by heart such as poetry , and Shakespeare .
Hopkins is a gifted mimic , adept at turning his native Welsh accent into whatever is required by a character .
He duplicated the voice of his late mentor , Laurence Olivier , for additional scenes in Spartacus in its 1991 restoration .
Hopkins reprised his role as Lecter twice in Hannibal ( 2001 ) and Red Dragon ( 2002 ) .
Hopkins has been a patron of the YMCA centre in his hometown of Port Talbot , South Wales for more than 20 years , having first joined the YMCA in the 1950s .
He is an admirer of the comedian Tommy Cooper .
Ardal O'Hanlon ( born 8 October 1965 ) is an Irish comedian and actor , best known for his roles in television sitcoms as Father Dougal McGuire in Father Ted and George Sunday in My Hero .

It had some success in the mid-1980s with the AMD7910 and AMD7911 " World Chip " FSK modem , one of the first multistandard devices that covered both Bell and CCITT tones at up to 1200 baud half duplex or 300/300 full duplex .
In 1996 , AMD purchased NexGen , specifically for the rights to their Nx series of x86-compatible processors .
On April 21 , 2005 , AMD released the first dual core Opteron , an x86-based server CPU .
Fusion , Bobcat and Bulldozer After the merger between AMD and ATI , an initiative codenamed Fusion was announced that will merge a CPU and GPU on some of their mainstream chips , including a minimum 16 lane PCI Express link to accommodate external PCI Express peripherals , thereby eliminating the requirement of a northbridge chip completely from the motherboard .
Bulldozer is Advanced Micro Devices ' ( AMD ) CPU codename for the latest server and desktop processors released on October 12 , 2011 .
Bobcat is the latest x86 processor core from AMD aimed at low-power/low-cost market .
Linux users can also opt to use open-source drivers , whose development is assisted by AMD .
It was the industry 's first to implement a HDMI 1.2 port on motherboards , shipping for more than a million units .
Ready " .
The third generation ( 8300 and 2300 series ) of Opteron processors will see an update in virtualization technology , specifically the Rapid Virtualization Indexing ( also known by the development name Nested Page Tables ) , alongside the Tagged TLB and Device Exclusion Vector ( DEV ) .
These solutions all added support for DirectX 11 , OpenGL 4.1 and OpenCL 1.1 .
AMD will power HP 's Intel-based business notebooks as well .
AMD also has electronic newsletter s to promote its server-oriented Opteron processors and related business solutions .
Albrecht Dürer the Elder married Barbara Holper , the daughter of his master , when he himself became a master in 1467 .
Dürer 's godfather was Anton Koberger , who left goldsmithing to become a printer and publisher in the year of Dürer 's birth and quickly became the most successful publisher in Germany , eventually owning twenty-four printing-press es and having many offices in Germany and abroad .
Koberger 's most famous publication was the Nuremberg Chronicle , published in 1493 in German and Latin editions .
Dürer 's first painted self-portrait ( now in the Louvre ) was painted at this time , probably to be sent back to his fiancée in Nuremberg .
In early 1492 Dürer travelled to Basel to stay with another brother of Martin Schongauer , the goldsmith Georg .
Some have survived and others may be deduced from accurate landscapes of real places in his later work , for example his engraving Nemesis .
These are the first pure landscape studies known in Western art .
His drawings and engravings show the influence of others , notably Antonio Pollaiuolo with his interest in the proportions of the body , Mantegna , Lorenzo di Credi and others .
Over the next five years his style increasingly integrated Italian influences into underlying Northern forms .
It is possible he had begun learning this skill during his early training with his father , as it was also an essential skill of the goldsmith .
He also continued to make images in watercolour and bodycolour ( usually combined ) , including a number of still lifes of meadow sections or animals , including his Young Hare ( 1502 ) and the Great Piece of Turf ( 1503 , both also Albertina ) .
It includes portraits of members of Venice 's German community , but shows a strong Italian influence .
Dürer worked with pen on the marginal images for an edition of the Emperor 's printed Prayer-Book ; these were quite unknown until facsimiles were published in 1808 as part of the first book published in lithography .
In July 1520 Dürer made his fourth and last major journey , to renew the Imperial pension Maximilian had given him and to secure the patronage of the new emperor , Charles V , who was to be crowned at Aachen .
Dürer also appears to have been collecting for his own cabinet of curiosities , and he sent back to Nuremberg various animal horns , a piece of coral , some large fish fins , and a wooden weapon from the East Indies .
He is buried in the Johannisfriedhof cemetery .
For example , his engraving of The Last Supper of 1523 has often been understood to have an evangelical theme , focussing as it does on Christ espousing the Gospel , as well the inclusion of the Eucharist ic cup , an expression of Protestant utraquism , although this interpretation has been questioned .
His intense and self-dramatizing self-portraits have continued to have a strong influence up to the present , especially on painters in the 19th and 20th century who desired a more dramatic portrait style .
Thus Dürer contributed to the expansion in German prose which Martin Luther had begun with his translation of the Bible .
The fourth book completes the progression of the first and second by moving to three-dimensional forms and the construction of polyhedra .
jpg | Self-portrait in '' Martyrdom of the Ten Thousand Christians '' , 1508 File : Albrecht Dürer 058 .
File : Vier Apostel ( Albrecht Duerer ) .

The main way to score points is by kicking the ball between the two tall goal posts .
The rules of Australian football are governed by the AFL Commission with the advice of the AFL 's Laws of the Game Committee .
However , a typical on-field structure consists of six forwards , six defenders or " backmen " and six midfielders , usually two wingmen , one centre and three followers , including a ruckman , ruck-rover and rover .
